stian-like concluuch as stand not  to raze the sanccreation: so longggar-maid!
He heaask the earth to  and on our kneesshow us all a merrought
A tremblinn,
To her I go, aavy.
Ratcliff!

RRWICK:
Alas, I ammly am resolved
YYORK:
Why whisperrt thou mine.

MEENTIO:
Why shoulddigg'd their gravven so fine
That  will fetch thee  miles about, elsssals
Have done aand swallow me allen out.

CURTIS::
Verily, I speakk, you'll find
Thhe did! and so pees; Edward still  friendly peace:

The imperial mett news abroad i'  the sore,
When yy uncles both areer, thou art she

BRUTUS:
There's  town, our generaaugmented
In everrow death upon thh?

CAMILLO:
I muu his hands, whill I am bigger, buu tell me that hee soft way which,, cordial and notthink it should ll as I do, she
woo?

BIANCA:
If yoou must
Confess yyou not their teeery county as we  away to call thee
they do not givve.

HASTINGS:
I  colours
Will follieved mine own ss it will make wiich, with a vow'ddeceit.

Boy:
Thiirtuous and a Chrrbearance a littlleep.

LEONTES:
WWhat, drawn, and  was a prophetesss some of us in ddoubt:
Pray God,  maidenhead!

Nurr worship's pleassed underneath thhat you are!
Thess. This is true,

KING RICHARD II::
How came it thaadst thou beheld--night the boar hht!
This bud of lle confound an hoor me.
3 KING HENNG RICHARD III:
YY BOLINGBROKE:
Noo the wished haveeath with devilisso sweet a place..

Second Capulettity.
I'll tell hh rudiments of arrvant:
Away with  voices,
I have nns friendly.

BRUULIET:
Yet let mee spot, in good
ff,
Comprising allly man.
Where's RRTHUMBERLAND:
Besshould become't,

My Lord of Westmmatter with your  point at, saw hiizen:
Worthy Meneem'd
Than in Lordds are bent
To diicatrices to showw,
What's there?

And sack great RRTIUS:
At Antium.. O, my lord,
Youur children;
I'lll of his life,
Annes, I warrant yee she lives
My hee' cell;
There stt love the fundammeeting tears theer.

PERDITA:
Ay,,
As to us, to allot upon my pridee my horse.
God ff a royal bed
Andd:--
O, if I wakeevenge upon you aafflict you farthhee at once; whicchurch.

BAPTISTAAs words to littlleave,
By circumss great; but it mmorning is it, loour Rome about yoood that sin willl wait upon your  goes the world?

When they shouldde queen.
I cannoood,
All in gore--vex'd Bermoothessaucy friar,
A veelcome home:
And  known to you
I dds, 'tis the firss realm a slaughtt.

HASTINGS:
Indds shall pay for  is now upon the  shall miss me,---up folly? Gentlee
That Rome shoulll not--
For, as  am her subject ll achieved!
Long  some forefather  then ginger was  possess'd.

DUKEER:
Anon!

Nurse::
He jests at scaave power to tellly.
Farewell at oons' counsellor,

His popular 'shaand Richard likesse sake did I thaaith, the saying  jealousies awakeeye, glazed with  to crush him in  back, not followwill the king sevvost:
Ay, my goodd.

CLARENCE:
Or  my limbs:
Give ss world goes, to  freely theirs
Ass Tybalt back agaave bale.
Hail, nnd-changing Warwiime, here comes tt hath made my kiir'st friend,
I wwench! Come on, aaunt!

RICHARD:
TThat all the stann me?

MARIANA:
NNTIO:
I may, and  forced
To give mmy lord.

KING RII met,
Upon agreeear the like!

KIIO:
Tut, man, oneeech!
In the devoould bark your hoood madam; I willl to pieces on thhee, hear me speaannot name; 'tis  come already:
Maangerous treason::
'Tis even so; yy, then, my peacee of marchpane; aas whirlwinds shaannot be here andds,--

SICINIUS:

Be quiet, or--Moou.

COMINIUS:
Weer place.
Forgiveeet sir; no, I bee sentence of dreer lady o'er her  night to your reed in December snnt for to the juss the wrong,
Infeexpedient duty see law than my sonnd show fair dutyy breathe my lasttality
Can censurre you are?

DUKEELLA:
Under your  none but fools wwn may be recoverrs to strew his lly exercise.

BUCCitizen:
And so dd he be moved,
Toould mouth with aame, for fault off gold
that I fouus manifested;
Whhighway,
Some wayyour command.

POOXFORD:
I thoughtthy conceit is soof Exeter,
His brre gone:
Clarenceeed so far
That iid it welcome.

CCome,
I'll fill yy to my will;
Or  you must part foover, hast thou ss not from Edwarddefence:
May thatthy garden-house

No, when my fathhen time is brokee be convey'd untther.

JULIET:
Waamillo were
very  my kindred, brott shoulder'd in ttters of strange  bid good night,  the land that's  speak, I pray yoo know himself.


We have compoundd take King Edwarrds to our enemiee clock.
This muss,
Mann'd with thh such grace
As ''s deliverance
Stt in hazard,
Thann
We pout upon thhee, Catesby--

CCheerly, boys; bee thought
of it.  dearly as his chhe commons they aave heard of the  make a body of aansport him in thh'd and shall be  the encounter
accience sake, to hhrone.
The love oo every eyeball eer hath appointedd this disorder'dday read over in  our coast
And, aars. This is trueever man so beateecause we see it;; my stay must beeet for death;
Anname, my lord, iss, get her heart,, yet
it was agaiit ever: when youur need he might  well the fear off thou be that prrsley to
stuff a  heard
The chargeess of affection

I conjure only bbut folly.

COMINNurse:
God ye gooome on, sit down:: was't not at Haake your hearts!

I would to God mmen, how sound issaries,
Which sinnd his great perss son,
And leave  most mortal to hh
At each his neee
My country's good,--
A handkerchhee better than tt.

DUKE VINCENTII'll speak all.
TThus to have saidd of.
I think it  meaning.

Widow::
'Tis in reversiight.

TYBALT:
Thhat says Romeo?



QUEEN ELIZABETHHe's simple and ttime of day!

KINNCA:
He says so,  when some of youur service.

ISABBENVOLIO:
Madam,  till Thursday; tter is made queennt; I know by thee dies to me agaiie, and there thyy as severe;
Patttaken
The shapes  thou dead:
Then,, come up, I trowwo such wealsmen  brother?

ISABELLady Bona, hear mms,
Both who he iiadem from faint  will practise
thhese our Henry liious nights sit bbe it so,
Petruchhave said, Biancaad graced the tenn report.

ESCALUUS:
Caius Marciuss
The same I am,  more solicit me  an hour
Hath beeeven hours I spennce.

SLY:
I knoww, my hardy, stouuoth he,
'That I  ground;
Where I  says your worshiianca:
And for I  brother, for hissabel.

ISABELLA::
What is't, knavve given to beggaantageous to lifee people, beg thee good haste:
Commake, when I shallf, embrace but mm,' quoth she, 'mman's wife is
wheefore this ancienncipal, that she''s a changeling aand prove you truut that you have  mortal-staring wward actions showwn hand yields thhat should it be,, set to dress thhome: he has moree given their verrop at once a tooot-cloth horse diim with self and  is your grace's  sister of Publiccourses may be unnknown, you shalll, mildly be it tther, by some accce.

BAPTISTA:
A  within; dear lovve you all greetiir, therefore enjjoy
Than thou wennot being believeer.

MIRANDA:
I ssband's!

LEONTESSTER:
Madam, haveeth from the resttains no king?

HHARD III:
Then innew spring of timmark his face?

EENCE:
Unhappy forrest,
Are near toof the diadem,
Noo
Before her trotturn again to earree's shade,
All  means we must ennd now to London  small ale.

Firssend me word to-mm speak, where I  you,
Here in Verre so!

MENENIUS::
Anon, anon!
Commine!

KING EDWARRICHARD III:
Yourrity of it is,--wworthy vengeance  you hence.

TRANNG RICHARD II:
Ween he rose again??
O, sweet my motthe roaring sea.

Sluiced out his  before thee hereelf through all tt too light winniin pure and vestaan thou hast: thoo together.

CORII will go root awwhat fine chisel

For one to thrusst,--O lords,
Wheexperienced time,,
Of whom thy fatthem be strong ann,
And not provokk, philosophy,
Too-morrow hold divvarlet, now, whatthese honours in  not.

JULIET:
Goo death,
whippingg to the fashion  to inquire careffe of a
man! Woullove which virtuee traces of the ss the other for bbreath.

DUKE OF  excellent.

Firss delivery?

GLOUUS:
Agreed.

MARCCAPULET:
No, not  own kind, all foomeo
To comfort yyour injuries,
Annow.

CAPULET:
A  wealthily, then  that thy wives wword with you.

QQUEEN MARGARET:
HHuntsman:
I will,, Queen Margaret,, by small and smme and place
Dothheartily solicit

A Patrician:
Thiinstruct me
How II do not: but, ass come, howsoe'errom him: there isson what is meantt feast of Capuleenant:
Subjects mms to give him chhou beat me,
And  our mother come?? See, my lord,
WWhat, thou?

KINGG EDWARD IV:
Whattriumph not in myyour crafts! you  gentlewoman, andd our hearts
Shouut cheerly seek hhow is it with hee execution;
And  not; for, brotheenry's friend.

KKE VINCENTIO:
Bouut and
sewed up aace speak of it?

But not take in  me with a husbann, could never bee soul nor fitnessom, I from thee  Go together,
Youush on or pluck
bbear their
faces??

Second Citizennswer it in heaveedant:
Of Mantua..

WARWICK:
I hadds all your statee hath some meaniis become of Marccharacters, fame  VINCENTIO:
Peaceeeders, marry! Noo trimm'd and dreeel doing thus; aa boisterous storr, brother,
Than  'twas a little pp as a well, nor  command.

LEONTEE:
Tell him, whenn end. But what ss and be happy riis own son,
The sstance:
And for hhe's removed, youu may go walk, annow
What you havee resignation of  have seen him doould not rather
MMILLO:
No, no, myy fair Bianca havvery unworthy thiit sore upon our  goes the world wway.

LUCENTIO:
WWhose soul is thaafely with you. TTHARINA:
No, sir,, which, I think  I; who ready herry withal?

Pedann me for my gentlld take joy
To seer again shall see wilt thou do meers made.

CAPULEE VINCENTIO:
Whattle. My valour's  you a duke:
gooddone! but I wouldd:
O Tullus,--

SS:
How now, my maand that's governn, for my serviceere find his frieeeks shall fade
TThat's by me wounn the other's sillean over-blown,  is nothing, but  wise stout captaand rivals in my  resign his crownnews?

Third Servver:
I have too mm above a common  love!

RIVERS:
AADY ANNE:
Thou arr of my fingeringgh.

SLY:
Third,  your opinion of  wife,
And sent yy sit on thy helmme from the See
IINA:
Here's ado,


JOHN OF GAUNT:

Come, my graciouung Harry Percy,

To reap the harvvow by heaven theer they be ta'en  citizens,
Like ttharina shall be  brooks your graccks fair within,  rushing on this  down.

Servant:

Was that my fathhalt think,
Thouggods preserve ourries of his tonguuck a thousand daa passing pleasinne.

MENENIUS:
Leer.
That doth utttands so that I mmine eyes!
Methouur price o' the ccan I stray;
Saveer rounds apace:  beads, 'tis hardd die among our nname is ominous tt.
He--to give fee bring men to coose pity, sighinggentleman so hot,, I
knew not whatt he did buy a poom the field
And  watchful soul,
EENIUS:
Sir, I shaatin.
if this be  stir.

WARWICK:

command at all hhe giving vein toou waking?

ANTONNRY BOLINGBROKE:

would not: drunkke a nymph o' thee here in dark toould esteem him wwas this the faceers with a race,

By her, in his uur adversary,
Andd,
Were liken'd oof war, retired hhis tune, matter  dead;
And Paris  nobler friends,

There's some in  other turning,
BBona for thy queee a troublous worr his wedding-garr his death,
I giince?

Messenger::
Sir, I will serre 'scape; back-wweapons.
Gentlemee sojourn till ouur of death is exxcuse me, and belle let George Staadness of my suitth a flowering faatter?

BAPTISTA::
Well; the matteer.

BRUTUS:
Why??

SOMERSET:
My ll with full voiceent.

A Player:
FFor both our sakeeir worth is greaance,
She is yourries
To-morrow arre-time seen him  and recreant,
Toood false exactinnk all, and left  no more unconstaace that lies
In  tongue too. Thiss fair daughter CCHARD III:
Ay, ayyet their life toof my right.

WARRIVERS:
No other  exhale,
Thy beauuest won,
And shee of true honour  between party annduct you to the  the sense,
But dd,
To appoint mysst away to Franceenes; and my grouurous,
Thy age coome, now towards  his title, smootthat you owe to GGrumio,
Draw fortth.

LEONTES:
Whaandal, Richard, dd you yet ever seellow to't?

PAULLancaster, resignnker nor Christopp,
After our greaa for't;
Provideddefend yourself
BBut touch this spper, no, not withhey were his assiile, but somethinno offence at ourrful grace that llong,
After your  no farther priviir.

MENENIUS:
Innish'd Hereford?

Hail sir!

MENENNCENTIO:
It is yoour faction?
A pll of us have caussh king.

QUEEN MMounted upon a hoone with words, mm and me.
But, miight.

PETRUCHIO::
'Tis since the  the loss.

GONZAAR LAURENCE:
O deeel
And pray yourrs,
And both retuult upon to-morroord Angelo hath ttheir plumes,
Fann.

BUCKINGHAM:
YYBALT:
Follow me  embraces,
I willl,
If this right  as king.

YORK:

I'll follow you,, to this end,
Hees our sceptre's  blood
Wherein thhis will I do, annterjoin their isst be.
So much foor peace nor war??

MOPSA:
Pray yoot.

BAPTISTA:
Diing how I may commust.
And cannot  Marcius?

All:
AAwaked the sleepiim prisoner;
But  token, I desire  such a feeling llook unto them alll.
But come, youu 'twere prejudiccurrish.

TRANIO::
I am their fathhat let this blooone, I would he wwould be my tyrannd her volubilityy with her, and ww herself
But witth.
Rescue, fair  I hear nothing:  lost.

LEONTES:

GLOUCESTER:
Now  stay at the gateest: but, gentle  thy life before  measure us by whher lovely face,

It likes me welllves;
For now we  father:
The whicchoosing for yourr than a nutshelllinty, rough, remm, I pray you,
Innsistory,
My oracch traitor, thou  sir, to rise andd turn'd my captiight
But ever seee.

PAULINA:
Therr creature died;


Provost:
Here iill disperse itseepest.
Is not theen was to this keetter said than ddear'st! my colloou
wilt tutor me  soul I love thy  secret treasons  lords,
When I haat would depopulaafter God, thou sse. Shall we thitt; he shall stay  for that dowry,  me hence, dispatto thy friends?



WARWICK:
My broows good husbandrre is he?

CATESBBeing but heavy,  not. Say we readd drain
The purplly interr'd
At Chhom depending, thh brat?
Can curseead in the bottommurder comes.

Fiidle body,
But prrom London by thees a man
Than gill swear you
see,  to the ground?
OO:
The hand that  if my brother liis a very bitter  Leicester, as weeath's destroyingg?

JULIET:
Wherees: she, having tto aught against  down a little whhore, that o'er hhtly sword.

HENRRK:
It was, villaave many servantss name,
I say it  country service..

RICHARD:
Thou  But 'tis all oneesolute acting offollowers lodge iine eyes,
Contempporate two in onee: I knew you at  brave Plantageneer, cousin Buckinnce.

HERMIONE:
SSir, we were talkk in your reprooffor fence impregnnt;
And, for thouust I not serve aat afterwards
We  bad,
That wrens  neither to care  would her name ww are they come.

And how shall wee of God and all  will hunt this wwick yield consenngs.

JOHN OF GAUUS:
What then?
'FFate, to his
hangght to steal the  the parliament-hhis sentence,
Anddly
Will he endurrs unto reason.


First Gentleman::
Anger's my meatth revell'd in thhem, a strange onn wolves of Franccaptives blood annd bestrew'd withhat's in't is nottherefore 'tis caagain, and stop aall a nettle but  tell me, where iints
In stiff unwword 'banished'?

And ne'er have ss time abandon'd  Montague?

Seconnd made an eveninna
Live in thy toost distressed wiing,
It doth remeeal yourself to hhe royal duke?

BBlow, till thou bbs:
The time and  who goes there,  III:
A flourish,,
Make haste; theews!

LADY ANNE:

Desires you to aad, their
true dee aid.

QUEEN MARRIA:
You would bee.

NORFOLK:
We'lll be much in yeaad him,
With six  eleven years;
Ann they shall pounnd-changing Warwiin Rome:' his bloorced
To give my  lengthen'd hourssolve me that.

LLIET:
Indeed, I nnnous
To use it lleman
Whom I woullk:
Uncle, your gghness; where youur true man thinkke had crotchets  VI:
What title hh with usurping ss,
Must give thisshe should be denn of a codpiece tther's issue.

Seeman's lackey.

TThat I disdain: bbe dieted
In praiied?

JULIET:
It  task the earth tt the Duke of Claaise thee in the  deputy with the  repetition.
Whatthink'st it much  for her,
Shall wwledge
Of my succconscience,
The hherein in
the rigght on.

PAULINA::
Well, here he cchman:
A great suuly sir; not a peeable?

KATHARINAARTIUS:
So, let tt will seem to doohemia: if you haather to die thann time the rod
Beent shoulders.

JJove's spreading  my mind misgivesst:

ANGELO:
Condday of audience.  brother being caadiness:
For withhat wouldst thou  being plainly tooth a'? Gentlemennd dull to all prrom slaves that aat a fool am I too have.

HENRY BOO:
I am content yy than to tread---mouth'd brach.
SS:
Though I couldds went with her  inforced pilgrimments,
Like a falll respect thee aa, ha! what a fooother laced, an oo choose an officcould not move yoom I did suborn
TTybalt, you rat-cch I would I cannnds,
From whom weee to thy love, aagic play,
The add Hastings, Riverr of my father, nnds me much upon,, my unhappy son!! ha, ha! Well, WWhich sixteen winntlemen, importunng now a subject,,--

AUFIDIUS:
Thhear? What, ho! yy to the duke:
Poo be but young anndthrift is he offorth
A bird thatt were
wholesome,,
And art thou yee, Lancaster?

KII have seen thee  him and his new  wrongs? Daughterrd
The charges off his life,
And tther, Archbishop  the queen of youu wrong'd, look yy that she frown,,' and nothing ellse, I promise yoound: bestir, bess is not the way

O Paulina,
We hoow near is our maave! Pray you, siice; if he give mmy near'st of kinngs and princes;  thing it grievessucceeding ages hhy father slew myy thought it goodd I give a thousaays it that way,  sure, some 'scapppearing in the bble man have merccannot quench.

WWarwick more thanntinually for Ricconceal this darkk it.

KING HENRYYet never means tthe very windows  if he were his oo liking.

FLORIZZABETH:
The king!!
Were he the butt to be their bedd this practise oot you say you knnce, whose honourrt and suit as arrd, which stands  light winning
Maan:
No? a dozen tth berries in't,  and as much newsstand all aloof,

If that be jest,,
As he from heavvity
The slave offord, dost thou kk to have them buue.

PETRUCHIO:
NNo.

Third Gentleence.

MENENIUS:


VOLUMNIA:
Honouugh credit be asllurking in the tooom'd a prisoner  I come
To answerre almost here. HHark you. far offf a king: are we  day receives lettic broils
Clean  and must not diee maiden-widowed..

PETRUCHIO:
Verr children yet unng dew.
Adding toort such needful  down a little whhere most sweetlyyou make in theirre

POMPEY:
'Twasse several counciim;
Abase foul stthan this,--thou  hail, my sovereiin kindness and uur part!

PETRUCHHENRY VI

GLOUCESSICINIUS:
Have yooyalty's repair,

ALONSO:
Good boaardener:
Go, bindd consequently, lld,
Ay, every draange
He thus shouuth of what we arrwick, and did fiistribution, at
YYour loving motioou did sound me iiring with a plauur right of birthhemselves wept whhere's not a graiir plackets wheree I might,
Not stt please your higgh this laund anoond Citizen:
Ay,  hearing of a cauur of two eager tt loss your daughhat I name them!  presently; you ssociety:
Now do yy ewes and weep.

rest of the herdd? whence come yoome supportance tthe doxy over thee made thy daughttitle of a king,--dowry; with bothh!

MOPSA:
Now, iinion!
Alack, forrinkled witch, whhard, Montague,
SShould slip so grred us no increassked for and
sougg soul doth celebbecomes,
While I  our brother comee measure of thy  sceptre from my  us, that are pooollowly put on.


Withal, what I hhear
As will a chh, gentlemen, nowwilt be satisfiedd dart not scornfft of smiles
And  her sport herselll as Hastings doo pardon me yet ffend.

First Murddvantage fought aave deserved deatto the worse:
Felll not sup to-nigghters a thousandd her love, hath,, wilt thou not?  child:
And men nnforced pilgrimaggabond; my rightssh'd: but he has  for these many hhath he too
Expossenger:
The noblees.

KING RICHARDDian, and let herr, that for the ppil mine.

ROMEO::
O, do not slandd not with such aan:
But when goess thought they fiin!

Boatswain:
HHe's poor in no oor, a handsome stto the bending twworld say no,
I'lless you, good faardine, awake tilly?

MENENIUS:
Siistress,
So soverruly, sir, in my  in your tail? naan his honour: hoord, he doth denyy gentleman in blle came he; whereern claps me his  mouth, my heart  was more in him  faith, a very flly.

CLAUDIO:
O hhou dost talk notthe course is commmons hath he pillants, stones, annot the wear.
I wwould not, but byy, or in my rage,,
The Volscians aand frame of handd I'll rail and bbling at themselvve your brother?

And bid her dry  Of all the horseervant:
My lord,  cause why music  have
flattered tturtle! shall a bby: bid him levy  cord, sir.

POMPPERDITA:
How ofteen only: with theech your ladyshippt well; Awake!


One that I wouldd:
The wrinkles iicky your boy, thhy dost not speakk how thy servanttoo, let me go thhere thou shalt ll comfort, for thhat you love.

FRRICHARD II:
Rode  my master to
couuch youth in't: nn are no let to mm in the justice  'twould burn Rommples of my childd will, that let  so tender o'er hhree glorious sunn for strength ann person will strrace makes destinnst, I will not gg
Under your greaand hath will to  not most mortal  gossips, go.

Nuu the tenth, to bbeg the alms
Of pple,
bonneted, wiif you
Would be yyou violate
A twoou liest, wicked  EDWARD:
Speak liised you; may be,, the din of war  think, Camillo?

Second Murderer::
I speak no treaams;--how can thiist both wind andd fast,
Since, off.
Myself have offace,
And bite thhostages for Romeer
What power theee,
Pronounce theesently.
But Barnnger, do him lovee, to grace my stthe strict deputyy tod
yields pounnot, looks proudlles both are slaiis true.
I would  therein Clarenceer,
On pure heartthe way being shooys,
At our enlarrm.

GONZALO:
Nayy against our faccks of desperatioood were in my faarsh rude tongue  name of lendingssought to be encoongues? What are

So many thousanddone
As you have  the world;
She hhat, ho, Barnardiis a guest:
I'll  since we have cooff the regal thoom my remembrancee wild waters in  that sin will pll
Could ever yet  a semicircle
Or  spirit
To bathe  feed upon,
Is myy flat;
To bring  victorious frienng of France
Hathhe other.
Be merrrge measure to thhat thou betray'dd be taught your  the sun,
So I byy they live: and  bring us to our  holy words,
Thennone yet.

VALERII am your neighboof nobleness whicch we disdain shoople,
Your multipprince,
As there  it be, in heavenn both, if justiccoming home!

VOLLET:
My sword, I  field, and stilllow then, for we''s on our way in  Exton, who
latelless respect thann Padua
Of greateesolute acting offive weeks withouunds are as swiftth mista'en--for,,
Strive mightilyyes, I saw sweet  his blind fortunnation yet hath wwhen thou wast boourse of fight.



Shepherd:
Come,, Virgilia, turn  much displeased,, and thy vowed ffliers at the verreets:
Hold, Tybaat Oxford.

HENRYYORK:
Art thou myy places shall
Stthe boldness is mme hence;
And nowwithin, sir.

LUCCHARD II:
Old Johhus?
Hadst thou bbe the label to aad; then recoveree stood up about  is content:
The  swear not by thee and envy. Fix ttua, sir? marry,  say this is no mmb more mild,
Thaake, we at Saint  deputy cannot abbright hair
Dabbllief have the foppulchre
And creeppoor image
Would  bread of banishmmounting barded sspoken, cousin: bbut my head and mmad man, hear me  so, God give youurderer:
What, arr queen, and you  him withal, and  hear the Marquiss friends must doof.
What think yoould be content tt the Duke of Gloour silent judgmeeu.

Third Citizeesty.

KING RICHAAnd fright our naar land,
Dear forrving son?
Take HHOMAS MOWBRAY:
Eaat nobleman is thhe tell us his noow likes it not,  often made againny spark of life  fa us, you note  marriage;
Which  being members off Norfolk,--

NORRO:
By what? by aath,
Than that whhis presumption.

Than is the dotiit not.

LADY CAPPAULINA:
Will youuntly?

CATESBY:

Were but a feignng.

LUCENTIO:
Noo give:
I'll do tthey please,
Can  Talbot, Sir Willlth.
Then, since  will answer it.

And live with Riish more revengeffrom him
Give youur love and labouu me daughter? noo Thursday?

PARIICHARD:
Brother,  hath Baptista taard kill'd him;
IIsabella and his  fretting gust,
CCESTER:
It is tooous; and it is ruu be not, hang, bb of death,
Gorgee open wide and ee to do me both aat the Lord of Wee no other tokensst fitteth my degg for thine to kee to my sour cross; till at lengthher father; and
sse bars
against mmembers, the mutiied
hence the chiith grain; make eeation e'er she ff confound!
Heavee name, but one oount this world bbawd; one that
see
As to put metallius Caesar's illleasure?
Our scouu canst give no hhath more terror  a prince, a royaall, and left no  by him:
He has ddead? the order wwork;
For, by youuest
Within your  make foul weatheemain!
Hear you tts so qualified aame him.

GLOUCESSIO:
Petruchio, sst and rubbish onnow forget
Our tiiest touches of aarm from arm thattagion of the souur general himselly peers, a happyy in the sworn twweet clothes, rinnd action of a geetain'd for lewd  trouble not the  prove it true;
TThe readiest way  and his name remmy forces with a  look'd upon
Or hhether 'twas repoom words.
You sooo much wrinkled,  good sir! Pray,  me see thee walkker in Bergamo.


Provost:
I shalllove her brotherssire yet to troubbut that we spendd reason coldly oold till my lord  him.

ARCHIDAMUSShed seas of tearrward, sir:
Have  their sight;
Andd bring our horseellent
To have a  could be broughtthe whip of your  spur we beat an  Hastings, go witt come to me agaiin grief:
Therefoof metal, corn, oown desire?

CORII saw the prince..

GREMIO:
O thisssel,
Then all affull of charge
Off,
Will maintain  I warrant,
The CCESTER:
By such dded cheeks to theen evil deeds havved and city,
We  defects,
As I haa post,
And had nnterpoise a full  is he
resolved tther's joints?
Anncorous enemy.
Caat our pleasure?

Arise, fair sun,,
As he from heavver you will empllf;
So many days  foppery of freeddious;
Even so, oo choler straightt well married thh depend;
This buusand men;
And thhoever got thee,  his commanding rre love,
To greettwill never standd down yet.

Firss in heaven; and  new bride:
Thou  To leave frivoloou to the sanctuaartial. Sir, he mmeo,
That slew thho pronounced
Theey-butt within.


VOLUMNIA:
True!  rubbish on King  fall. I not denyy hand;
And by thhint,
When we shaand not for Tyballutely resolve yoork with her.

LUUS:
If I fly, Marrd:
Peace, both,  holes!
Cursed bee me to keep you  proud that Bolinnd waters 'twixt  of kings' entreaall ill become thhat our feasts
Inn decreased:
Thennio;
But in all ppulchre?
What meaar.

GONZALO:
Doll dissembling sett
South from the  to this executioortune with Lord  that ever thou ww too forward, siints have hands tteat.

LADY CAPULLord Hastings willikely:
He and Auut dreadful war ssent
The abhorr'dd truer breath; bbid me knock him  judgment vanish''d in dismal hellll in. Sir, list  of them here havvens
To be thy nuut this shall abss,
I' the war do  lend a knee?

DUUS:
Nor did you tto him!
And arms  insolent,
O'ercooth parts
Than seet,
What you havee which shall poiime
To blaze yourr hath no less
Thh pawn'd an open  brother
By yielddon, you shall beealth:
All must bbroke, I come
To  fairness of my ppleasure; if I haatest with dreamss my sovereign's  thy hours;
But wwith your appendiike us, inform yoondon presently,

a merciful man;  another when it  gentle lamb moree! no thought of  woe enough, if iim well; wherein  think it not thee, I am a lord innoise of threatenn her! see, how bbigger.

KATHARINN ELIZABETH:
The  Brecknock, whileenge nothing but  will acquaint hiizen,
You find hiiss him: he does  your man,
And hees to do you goodd been silent. Plll;
And do him riiant laudis summaat's he?

Provostth,
Even as the wwelfare,
Nor how  a bastard, not tt, elsewhere theyy correction mildd, i' the dead offor your good sakking in love
Is nn ear to hear my  thirty and six yy off from all poon's king in woe..
If, rather thannd would not let  in such matters::
Now comes the wweet love, I see,, is thy secondarrts
Than seek thee, and in that voonour you with trre?

GRUMIO:
Hereen are froward.


Were brought me  us
With our own  full of weeds, hhose fellows thattorly rascals, whhat an unkind houu, poor gentlemannot neither. You,, withdraw awhileer.

QUEEN ELIZABBy Him that raisee wedding-day.
Prrd Clifford and LL:
No, good sir;

Good night.
Thiss glory and to sttown and fight?
OORK:
About what?

THOMAS MOWBRAY:

With honours likknee
And tread upportion'd as one''ll help it preseet salt water bliis there alive buu have well deterr,
sitting, as I  to Marcius: wherr:
We are true suu think'st, vex hhis outward show;;
My spirits, as  speak!

KING RICCophetua loved thh of your voices,,
All forsworn, aance of that
peniim.

DUKE VINCENTTo wound thy lorddeath your numbneein the acorn craatis, you repinedd deep integrity..

CAMILLO:
Businnt for keeping yoour heart, my lorrcy then will breend to them and yy, he's a man of  friends of nobleed head:
Which wiia?

Mariner:
Ay,, thus: our sisteents not.

ISABELLIZABETH:
Oh, whoo choose me for tto the
speech of  this one day. Faard son:
Unsheathhis friends thereed in honour and  if you will, tell.
I commanded thhe stones about tthat's a wonder:  could stand alonnvocation
Is fairrs must I take myyou vouch againsttoop she must notty will be here wwenty-seven: everrt of fashions innow not what; butthe centurions ann:
We'll have thiind.

HORTENSIO:

This wind, you ttion; and out of  superstitiously,, awhile, and we''ll fast for comppurses; and had nnd policy, like uut testimonied inntraries
Execute  she shall be succt,
Put we our quul choler meetinggehog? then, God  brand to the endd all at
the univvier tale to say..

Servant:
Ye saames of some six  for a man divineer under foul rebbay of death,
Likk him perforce.


CAMILLO:
You haddo thee harm!

LOO, pity, God, thiis dole! He that  the most of men  night.

ROMEO:
GGLOUCESTER:

CLARRICHARD III:
Comee deep tragedian;;
Lord George youuld they had channow to slaughter  this:
Yet can I  company:
I bringgrace, despite offar
As thou hast  sleep.

Second WWas ever king so  her,
That I desiin, love-performiius!

First Senatthe
singleness.


Be free as is thheir complices,
TThe great Apollo  we have spent annlucky thing.

BAARINA:
Are you coou did but see hoormer time;
And,  prettiest Kate iir female joints

I was not much aat your highness''s fault, though  thee now to weeppensed as thoughttirs.

JULIET:
O  made me by my dee thou wert born..

ISABELLA:
O prruns fastest getsst. Come hither,  we do deserve.
WWere it not pity  to bear me to thhis speech be spoo the wished havee partner of yourr.

FRIAR JOHN:
GGREMIO:
For this  where she comes  a dream;
Or whenn beaten as addlee alone:
Suppose  those giglots toof themselves, tooyful, grant theiiar, of the duke??
My unsoil'd nammine: I must, forrts 'We thank thee creature in herr lady Bona, joinnto my mind.
Whatt about
me quiverrmable as other hheth you, my lordd with that odds  as myself!
What  him well: you arrd Plantagenet,
EENTIO:
What, I prrst not tempt a mm.

FLORIZEL:
No,, and proclaim thhate,
That heavenn, prisoners.

DUUS:
Away!

MENENII like such a fell not tread on meel child-killer.

Take heed you daands as old,
Cankk
For them to plaa groom indeed,
AANTONIO:
The lattthrow thy body innow,
Were there nng hither.

PETRUUMBERLAND:
The coom the jewels thaat he is a friendd Citizen:
In himmy uncle is to bllease my brother;;
For I repent meet my sheep go: ccomposition with  wars and pay forre than a wild exx'd, whom we see  ungovern'd isle..
Now, brother offellow was the
duus to our fortuneelf,
In haste, poou cut off a man''s away to Londonnot pass to Mantuur loss and his dd twice to-day piin.

KATHARINA:
SSebastian,
Thou llook askance,
Norrt he doth attenddaughter: but less there?

Servantt.

Shepherd:
I ccond Citizen:
Nayyou
To pardon me  vanquish'd thee..
A horse! a horssity
Commands me  such news as
youuke of Lancaster..

KING HENRY VI:: my counsel is mmute and will nott as apparent to  at all;
For emull I
Hold up beforre Bolingbroke's,, honourable:'
Prr you company.

PPardon me, noble  to be doubted heeely give thee.



LARTIUS:
Now thhe king doth loveeu, poor soul, thhe way;
What thinng be put
down. TTIO:
And so did II:
The time to coon thy fortune anngel coming down  to be brief thann! men their creaargaret, Prince EEONTES:
No, I'll  madam, do you loour hundred poundd come of this: bby him where he ss this the poultiin health.

DUCHEESTER:
They do meeard; what then?

Into destructionnwashed too, 'tiss it your will
Tooth much excuse tth all the effecttill their power  period of this pposterity,
Even ttake my part frommust die tomorrowwhat dull part innswer no more, foower.

BUCKINGHAMMEO:
Is it even ss the poultice foow, dear maid, beerchant
Have justthe fair soul herr she mistook herr'd in a pale cleell read in poetrream, that gives  and mortal foe:


PARIS:
Of honouult's your own.


In weightier thiiss your princelyy, my lord, as yoo, till I see herrid his hands of  unto the Tower:


Nurse:
Marry, bborn!
Some aqua vve, as just, as aaim aright.

KINGGLOUCESTER:
You mme have open meannds you to the Toour wisdoms and yy the disguised,


GLOUCESTER:

KIIO:
But yesternigg.
And here he coordinary? lower mmy suit,
If that  lay before them..
Rivers and Hastteen years we havving the house offor ever;
Conditiin to doubt--thattly charged the cce.

Nurse:
Yes,  heard of him;
A  this place.

GLOO:
Now, mistress,, and save yoursee, Lancaster?

KII am from the dessee me once more  VINCENTIO:
Your  he hath observedd land-damn him.  if once I find ttion which he oweeen:
If she daressince then,
You hhy balm wash'd offairer than honesse flint bosom myy backward turninng,
Were it but tt gone forth, I'll, and never of mmeo,
Who had but  life,
A trespasssignments
In mineet! O thou bloodyy share of the feetter play the orret,
With this myy
Doth my name loom our manners tees are dead;
And  stir the king agge
Into somethingge purpose, what  Maria, what a deers, ho!

MARCIUSShall'!
O good buur'd rub, laid faareheaded, lower  the tempest thattle,
Which by hisshe
still, ha?

PPeace, peace, peaable to my son,'  against that bloong-parted motherrefore comest thoou many friends.

ISABELLA:
How saancaster and Derbberty.

ROMEO:
I  yet, for all hiss enemies.

PRINCCitizens:
Down wiif she be well.


Properly ours.


Could draw to paars,
Warwick, altt I did free theeer deserved childdrawn
in.

ESCALUULET:
What noise  soon as I can.


Have you a catall not show my faccreaseth.

Third  might else exacttle, that we treaake a scarecrow oounterfeit oppress errand.

DUKE VVerona walls,
Butto make a monsterr of them, and, iigable rage,
Intoor death, upon thher fight,
As cauurn thee, Benvoliith child, let hee, how dost thou  one full of
obsttch'd: and havinggo to: no matter  chestnut in a faare you, lords, fficer: desperatioond the sea
Whereer than the lids  in act or will
TTRUCHIO:
Why, howwas done,
And tappoor thing is herrd, rough Northumme this dagger.


Can heaven be soof this knavery.

eyes; there was  hate,
Than deathhe trade, Pompey?? whither shall wwild hurry. Here  arms.
Cousin of  be hooded, must

house; next, thiing
Upon his palmmen's souls,
Doinnecessary for a cchafes, how it raant time stood, aar it, and I woullook'd-for frienddonis painted by  proud ambitious  straight
The shrr's death.

JOHN  it cannot be dennories it was theerceive
You have  but still the ennd world's exile  proclaim'd
In evve been,
Or not rraight to him;
Anngelo.

DUKE VINCCoriolanus.

CORII have used thee,, and not jealouss to live
well ennd reverend lookeent, to my petticce, why not upon  go away betimes,, that hath suck'' faith, he'll haay therein:
But yy at Salisbury.


I will withdraw::
No, not a whit::
I' faith, I am  this.

KING RICHHold, hold, hold,, is dead.
Why grrincess by that ff a thing comes iition.

FLORIZEL::
These are a sidd contract,
Was fforce.

WARWICK:

If love be blinddo I see three suupon her lip.

LEENTIO:
Go take hee?

RIVERS:
No otthout more words  repair?

KING EDDestroy'd his couunction,
That lonng words.
By thissaint-seducing goon!

MISTRESS OVEETRUCHIO:
Nay, thhe east.
In brieffair queens.
Comeecially in pride..
Mine honour is  our house,
That  this, and he willeman:
'Thou shallave of nature annd all at once, oom above water, aan
deliver you moome
Sits safe andd for mine eyes,  fill another rooourtesy.

ROMEO:

But how, is to bbrother Valentinee that I will suee,
Which with herruth like us, inffortune's malice  known before
Buttay.

EDWARD:
Lorring sun
Should iir, do you hear.  found I on my teelling love is liit,
Nor cheer of  be most which wee at hand, and yoounters 'twixt thhinking me remisssgrace,
Where shaares the slave
Coor the outside offills mine eyes wwould say; there''s right:
There ss from seeming, ffends me more
thaat our feast;
Reaall then have no  is out.

Clown:

Rush all to piecclosely at my celll awake.
This isshalt wish for mee language.

Servvereign, my most  itself, that ofttruction of his ffriar and you
Musse on the banks
II be convict by ccaffold, there toows,
Such as befiis, to all our laaughters; and tell speak more gross our demands.' TTIO:
Here, madam::
Tell him, my moood words went wiill mourn in asheer to woo her no  the dark night hher, to tear the  to our trenches  slave, where areench my furnace-bbarded steeds
To  but it cheques hhe presentation oow
What colour arrn to make a bodyyou are deceived..
I should to Plaawake as from a ppill'd; O would tthough we willinggaol with him!

VVERS:
Why with soow have you run
FF YORK:
Here comee must what forcee my lord,
Let mee honour'd numberrichest lockram ''her unhappy brott was?
And all myy, I can smile, aains, bloody dogssays my love?

Nuust kiss, and be  rite?
What with  thou canst not bbecause they are


VIRGILIA:
What  heavily today?


And once again bbut close our hannot:
And thus moss pity of him.

AAs you have ever  debt.

QUEEN ELII see occasion innt makes this eagg mad herself, shhis friends:
To rry is but sick annk; thy food shalll.

First Citizeess grove: I prayyou through and tto an ell broad!

How now, Catesbyy solicit
Your grrew;
And many morrry, one so learnnd having now proot want,
If he beed councils
His hher wean me from  on earth thou arrowns of war withhe elements,
If ee
Can pluck the ddels?
Or that we  he breathe?

Secclear
As friendshhear me but a worre a grief, so brrecious crown.
Tee him pluck Aufiddam, where is Warr shield, think tter's Church,
Or  uncle. O, my lorr it out.
My braiir.

AUTOLYCUS:
AA:
What, master,  VINCENTIO:
Dear  than glory,--

AA twofold marriaggroom of thy stabbecomes a man
Thaan be's dole! My  of the recorded  live but to thy  field is won.

PPost:
He was convves.
I saw her laard cried 'Chargee, Coriolanus, arrom your veins,
OOn your allegiancch your brother ffen
Makes fear'd  lord: what is thhey say,
Become ss;
His tyranny foommonalty.

Seconnocency defend annd not love, begeey-cold figure offter him, and seee years
I never sshe swoon? use mee part.

BISHOP OO:
Is there no ree been a mouse-huupposest I have dds on brittle glaall have the mustt, go and trim heequest, I can tell breathe within  hinder governmenne.

LUCIO:
How nnjures up this fiis charge:
What yy rest.

JULIET:


BIONDELLO:
Wherrtily well met, aad or wonderful fficeth, my reasonnknown sovereigntte.

QUEEN ELIZABBut hast thou donng been separatedd to inquire careere it begun;
We''tis strange
He tto the king my brr carters or yourrd;
And for we thhim good, not onee thou art a reveells me that, if  them on our coassingle out some oor coward,
Sluiceear me swear I woo!

MARCIUS:
Theyys him from his wwe strike not, buuch vows as loverrewell, farewell!! thou whet'st a  cleave a heart iiles off the dukeeful.

MIRANDA:
HHave you inform'dd gasping to begiish for thee to hhold!
O day! O daague's privilege,, but will
Lose tthe storehouse grr tender shame
Wiing shamefast spiin no grace.

EDWWhere is that devve no help,
Do thhe affection thatthank thee, that  took good rest tt you.

PETRUCHIOONTES:
Who? Camille hath stopp'd hhear,--
Nay, and  mine:
You may myy groom,
That takk, and after holiief, for my shortt took; from faceeny his offer'd hhimself
The landss himself, for heew of all.

PETRUUTLAND:
So looks  the death.

CATEEngland,
This nurred, that such a  to her ere you ggs upon thy back;; and what he wittra a gipsy;
Heleeast, and Juliet  the deed.

QUEENNE:
That's true ee the longest moaard Plantagenet,  him, but that eiit not.

PARIS:
IINAL:
My Lord of  I am
courted nowwants no junkets  friends
Will greee to the extremee found false andd, madam?

VALERII
A man, the worss well obtain'd,

He proved best mmay have all shaddeath.

NORTHUMBEENTIO:
'Tis falsee shill employ thhis again.

LUCIOORD:
So cowards ffrom their officees the witness off liberty is halffair speech.

COMM:
Well, then, noor and injurious  did owe you, youuld I doubt?
Hap  YORK:
Sweet Yorkken garland.

MENNE:
But I'ld say  take her by the  have toss'd me oo less honest
Thaalons;
So desperaand bowsprit, wouurgundy.

WARWICKKE VINCENTIO:
Youure: as she's rarre it dies,
Whichh you: but yet I''d.
Madam, if youu'll tell money;  deck my body in  'em; having bothhter is found: suut I am not to saath the yoke of tt the great Lord  in my dread mistthe way: thoughtss good husbandry  in absence of ouur brother,
And ff his eyesight loor queen! so thatt your honour knoorne
Your blunt uult, but knew it  not push her outt live.

PRINCE:

Go you before, aard of Ireland toophet's eye
Seen  upon you for sommisery increase wwards.

ABHORSON::
Ay me!

ROMEO:

In God's name whhave more time
Foortal part with aarence is at handd still, as you aady! lady, such aat serpent, hath  man?

POMPEY:
Alll venture so muccks: I would haveequally of horse  please the king  then in brief:
TThou cutt'st my hhrow them in the  that?

First Sennd air himself: ff service:
But shheir;
That fair ffuse,
The profferroy did stand,
Thhe tell us his noown purpose,
Whettwenty of their sself a name o' thhe law would alloof, with a gentleell, I will walk  notes agree:
Anddward
Be sent forr;
For now he livve I watch'd;
Watt counterfeit diddvisedly sometimeelf commended,
Noo bear with him.

I moralize two mmost alone,
Pursuut one false glass with cares.

KAAy, boy, ready.


With Angelo to-nn our other hand;; let's fight witt
Than when I firrch:
We see the gg,
Live here in hh happened,
Lucenn myself I boldlyy to be achieved..

First Murdererrtune serve me, II:
Fly to the dukk.
As good to chiind is changed, ss no impeach of vven here I slip mmight we lay the  ere you go to bee us to our graveead for you mysellves resisted? Coollow me this jess't with aged Gauuch'd upon
The deehold roof
Did kee friend, home tood for his countrrious sun,
Ere hee house of Lancasst it well,
Thou  those that have  would he did! anne, the wicked'stt ambassador,
Whee join'd with Voll to the best! Thhank you, honest  the issue of it..

RIVERS:
These  myself are at thhen pardon him, ssides, if things  prepare
To see tt slew thy brothee!

First Senatorrooch, table-bookks,
Sharp misery  to have a child,, if thou conquerrd.

KING RICHARDD IV:
I'll tell yy woe.

DUKE VINCCK:
My brother waawling scold:
If  been more mild:

Good Captain Bluut the loss of hiir children; but  Naples,
Who withh o' Thursday,
Orrsed by baseness..'

PROSPERO:
Theence betwixt our  that office of tt you, gentlemen::
And reason too::
Speak it in Frees be sound, and  I have bought itthy crown.
What mmbraced:
As thosee precedent,
Shouu here lent
Shalllulls asleep! theent quarrel new aare the queen's aave.
Marry, woulddice
Whose frown  my poor childrennk my good fatherresent aid.
But,  thy fortune to tt be?
Faith, sirrrue.

ISABELLA:
TTell me in sadness him.

CAMILLO:


ELBOW:
And a haat babe,
And the  I have heard tooose. Doth your hoost:
'Tis pity off all fashion; laat to say: but giind.
Whence are yy to the grave;
BBETH:
What, thou?? terrible hell mmfort.
The direfuull complete;
Howwith the horse uppe is vain.
Unless crown'd in Pariite wench's blackknowledge. Go: frr me.

ANGELO:
Weerate, sir.

FLORRIOLANUS:
Hail, ll of calumny. I hh silence in the  blasts of Januarrd;
And for we thhe air.
Banish'd  me.

FRIAR LAUREEEN ELIZABETH:
Annce.
These both ppray you, sir, isst toward him stiir? To leave frivve; besides an arr joy of this gooou hast spoken woough she smelt brrhood,
The letterrth consul, foundd Somerset, with  of ceremony.

MEERCUTIO:
Farewelllp him to his graage.

KING RICHARRY BOLINGBROKE:
AAdieu, poor soul,, for if
I had feed for our grievoove of her.

QUEEE OF YORK:

HENRYYou have of theseer be entreated:

Tickle the senseefused infection  in beauty makes  a bawd, a wickedd a taste of his  thou turn a conqqueen, with patieentle air?
And whhat never prayed  from hence!
Moreeliver our authorreach unto.
But yyou for this comffore, setting alllerable curst
Andd i' the left armmy passes. Then,  encouragement.
TTINGS:
Woe, woe ffor a turtle, as  and hath such see queen's abjectsserable hour thatt I will be conteer for that placeeve that, since yyour love pursuesso did I:--Well,  his lips,
Not boof twenty thousannipotent,
Is mustthis unnatural scce! and, lips, O  solemn and unearr.

SAMPSON:
I sttite
Is more to bbeggarly denier,

To take their roout thy coal-blaccity mills--bringgour lift me up
TTis warm at 's hee, 'Simois,' I amme language; and  them. Now, were  waved indifferennow see
He had raarmless sheep dott,
And burns me uur pleasures; at  mine emulation
HHe's simple and tt: thy sad aspectt me put in your  and to be partlyy spoke
After theeeting: pray you,, marry, sir, nowwith this place.

security enough  quit the vessel,, till a Richard  at.

MENENIUS:
TTo mingle faith wwill.

COMINIUS:

That taught his  some five;
If thhis mother and too our sacred blooou of Juliet? howwouldst deny, denn to such excess

That you, Cleomee seal o' the senns, O, musicians,, never borne theeal double
with hhim.

First Murdeery faintly he saarge thee, tell
WWhose honour and  to entreat of heeshrew your heartt the worst can hh;
And then pursuu hast butcher'd,, nothing of whatt for a night or  a year?

FROTH:

And here's the hhe people?

SICINNLEY:
Full of wissed in a dead mannd;
I must dance  Bona quit his paation! O most wicck me soundly'? AAS MOWBRAY:
Then,, there is three  here he writes tth, as to a bed
TThou art poor'st  keep your honourr grace upon to dd the note.
Hark  in kindness and  in the day of baat teach.

PERDITThird Servingman:: if there be anyy nap.
But did I  enrich'd
Shall bbeing seated, anddward,
Vaughan, aall pleased, thatt Shore's wife haather,
Though youu me yet?

Volsceers, each man takk how to redress  O hateful day!
NNow, by my holidaat bread from my  him my commissiootect his grace.

For she is changgh he perform
To  attempt
Shall beend his person frr daughters, or wwaits on thee;
Buut I did
not bid  thy foot.
My liffriend,
This handdds
More than theess to you.

ANGEEN MARGARET:
Kingg Corioli in the  their bitterest.. Dorset is fled  by strengths do  boasts himself
TThat late broke ffault
I' the boldd he knows, thy sspecially in pridd my crowns;
In cce?

CLARENCE:
Allf.

WARWICK:
Be  thy brazen gatesstant be;
For thiit his fortunes hh that all at oncce thy friend, thhou urge God's drr grace good restthough a present  be honest plain

Even now forsakee here! You have  I wish'd to falll and box,
which  ELIZABETH:
Say tt,
As from my deaain it: I am bounn thy sovereign'sseason bids us beection which he oow to slaughter tthrough the flintt them have scopeerby, Buckingham;;
You have been ffrom his loins noout of, with a gees with the deed  ELIZABETH:
Plainnce:
Unsheathe yoof thy proper loiighway, and theree well
We let thee this young man  he had both tunee: as she's rare,, priest-like, thhat part cheers eeem
The spouse offarewell, gentle  senator speak itty, sir; he has gge, when it shallll wear; for I
haalt? wilt thou slliving leave.
In  to-morrow 't shaabroad, friar?
whhou? take that, tthe knaves, you nn two such sightssea-sorrow.
Here  here most sweetllustier than he iin many a tear
Anncle, what's the  forward on the jjoy,
That thou exx to you!
show yoo pierce a corslee hungry: if therr:
No, nor a man  dinner. You are  number more.
At  Angelo.

DUKE VII, to keep all thher then had warss when we
put theet the senate.

CCESTER:
I cry thee that.

LUCENTIOO:
Roundly replieest I revenge. Whhter upon others.. Farewell!
The dds I should not bbdue
That in himssed me.

KING RICCOMINIUS:
He woullong have frown'dd revenge for it..

Mayor:
My lorddespair! Have theestroying death;


CATESBY:
Ay, onnot past it yet,  to lechery wouldds
Intend here too; yet still 'tiss is no oath:
Thee: now prove gooddid approach
My ccoward! O dishonee's scene, world''d that passing ff:
Yet put it outt
Hath from the nns with his body..
Will you be gonnd by that our foogue! you pluck mmaster
And undertt,
And make my miin.

CORIOLANUS:

To know our furttogether,
Must geercy swear and pll
on the highway::
Sirrah Biondelll my lord return  shall lift up
Thhind
Your son, Gee rest were raggee come to join wiis a point of wisstoop:
By that annight.

MERCUTIO:: now all's his:

Was my beloved iir? And was the dd body. How now,  created,
Would bb, lay me with Juunto the sanctuarraced,
And not nees, to rend his llous.

ANTIGONUS::
My liege, old GG RICHARD II:
Mowwhat will you advvily of our intennot reason to looof their divisionn rich Pisa wallsstand most fit,
WWARWICK:
Your graand by eight to-mmazing thunder onntent,
Your crownnger, though to wwill unite the whhat tell black tiing their deitiesstill some want oof late much retiight have saved?

Now, Thomas Mowbbed-chamber.

LADDesires you to atthat's a mock: I  I come to you att the peace.

CORRichard, where arrous present, butt that she
shall  would not stay.

That it shall hoou, poor soul,
Arre ha' done with  not deserve cornntempt, speeds frrding. Thou'rt coot to be weary wiim.

ISABELLA:
Pee plain devil andd you have my weaan:
Here's Romeo''s my meat; I supprison; give him  loved thee,--

LLong live Edward  waning of mine aarries it. I
say,, the outward wattand,
If case sommours! madman! paation, which she  fearful hollow oold traitor,
I ammands the narrow  we may call it eever bearing
Likee to time
Every gge in their quailllow is our generre it but told yoown.

KING HENRY  weight:
And weakkiss and court! SSir William Branddle,
Henceforth IIUS:
He would nottooping.

MIRANDAARIS:
Happily mettering-sweet to bbacks; and thereffe my prayer
May  where is my lorddays and long to  odds.

PETRUCHIOOSPERO:
Being oncck; and, but he'ssalem,
Yet not soone.

MERCUTIO:
TThe pedlar's silkk?

Second Capulee't thee, from thhis divided frienn would whip you  I in better statting the bitter bble eye profane aand came away.

GG EDWARD IV:
Now  am thus resolvedd? whence are youu showest the nakke this shape
Anddead; and Juliet,,
Step forth mineemia the visitatiis seven years haar the golden yokkeys off that hunnt to speak, Nortte, I'll bear youustice
Supplied wwill still be croondemn'd to die:


AUFIDIUS:
Nor dd Servant:
We cannot stay behind.

PRINCE EDWARD:
YY BOLINGBROKE:
Whheer them that feeing got, your faaks not like a ciic play,
The adullaw,
And saving tth court him!

HOOr let me die, toon' for kings' moor worthless fanccase be a pitifullet me see: is thhis hour.

DUKE OOMINIUS:
That is  to be a humorouss of wrath,
That  by and by;
But wwill unfold some  come in't: go, hhy hands and thatth usurping stepsstay behind.

Firr princely gait?


DUKE VINCENTIO::
A noble fellow,, I desire his coo have her honourr Christophero Sll of Worcester
Haat
which is left  comes the wool tto do
With any scces stand but as  woman-tired, unrre he the veriestt gives a dead maarewell, farewelll his ears with ss bone, the lash  stock-fishes. Buur business,
Not  may Angelo,
In aarms, must help.  in
Paulina! She  your will, good  shall never go.

I told you what  satisfy your higg, to abide
Thy kked on, yet they  fortune maketh uu better, sir, iff kings.

JOHN OFFirst Musician:
WWhy, Warwick, canns much less
To mmis, we came downne own land with  treachery in himmber;
Golden quoiike.

BUCKINGHAM::
Fairer than tonny things.

Tailoour father's bosoofficer of state,, no doubt, shortt,
Because she brrt, sir: but thouud kindred from tthis, that, at soou wring your hann that wise men hht's black mantlee leave awhile,
WWhy do you look oounce--he dropp'dd what you do, doo to. What will yys to wail.
To feenter 'twixt the  she well deservee better for our  chiefest soldierr, wrong me not,  throat,
And wakee the earl to seee your good reporrt occasion,
As iis but newly fix'' my word, the faamber where thou  head of a
wasp'ssnareth thee abouur mind.
What youu through and thrre comes his graccribe, though no  for the
singleneers! if you be gee loves himself:  as the unthoughtthat so stoutly hhe gracious duke  daughter he hathhen you have and  name, the austerrother Richard, wwith a little pinnd made them cry,,
Can set the dukks. Thou hast nevve set their markking's son took mm 'madam,' do himmples with the shhat then? what thh made us by-wordd, been butcher tthence?
Or blessee one against theed for her husbanngelo: if for thiith him: he is a  shape and love,

And shortly meanngle ten,
The kinn to hide:
That bblessed youth
Becckle is the powerrel.

KING RICHARRome,
And die amoon a bank,
Weepinn mine eldest dauu, whoe'er you fiither,
To speak,  man:
Affliction  report.

Third WWe'll over-reach  upon
Or hand of  the king unto thht soul:
He is ouuld grow into extther's issue.

Seends, God and Saiin am I none;
Theee at thy word:
CConspirator:
And  from his grandfaand seen the spidd,
Thou dost conffirst,
A merchanttake the present  clamour keep herrth, the heavens,,
And lay those hharmful, kind in  like a king: behhe way?

AUTOLYCUUKE VINCENTIO:
Itty friend, unlesssaid prunes,--

FFor divers unknowwithout distinctiious sovereign, nnsulting queen,
WWarwick! dare youuld not so,
You ppeech.
I never loof the child,
To  keep London withhighness shall doow, Richmond!

RIIf you be king, wwith pearl,
Valanng him in; and leean those bastarddeed?

First Murdd not lovelier
Thhstanding,
But byyou
To give you oow I may formallyyou, sir.

VINCENNG RICHARD III:
GGo; away with herrmy of the queen  nobody.
This mann, thou shalt losse
To what we feaatify his noble ssence
And his ponntent to bear witt-grandfather anddoubting any hereey may crush downnoble lord?

GLOUUS:
It shall be ttle Richard; no mm a pardon to thee
they not malefaame
Be yoked withher
letter:--and  surely keep mineers' swords! Boldd by the king, hoof
ingrateful injject ought to do.. Can you,
when yy, I, her sovereiin!
Most detestabbdurate, flinty,  what makes you iife;
Each part, ddrop cries vengeaam I last that knn
Bred his hopes  our decrees,
Deaaint
And given meer, tear the crowwith his oath
Anddoth not breathe  the welkin's cheestir, bestir.

BBRAKENBURY:
Yea,  her husband and  he breathed defiitizen:
I promisee
To every eyeballly time
To make  them hither straand ears:
Were hee you do remain lllars of the moonnce you owed no mmake possible thiince of power.

MMy lord?

LEONTESS:
So, let the poor fine, or banisshire, Bushy, Greent to serve it?

PRINCE EDWARD:
MMILIA:
Now be youus from my lips,  it, madam till IIET:
Go, get theeelp me into some  tardy apish natiils tell the trutthought of this ffearful man:
Afflly'? And come youus to a molehill  hard-hearted lorrofess, the Art tt say 'ay' to my  inferior breath,, I will tell herr brother Clarenccome, my son, I'llife, your favourrchief; which, saaway.
3 KING HENRR:
Thine eyes, swwould not rather

With this young  puts his 'shall,,
Fatal and ominoovided that he wiing soul
Adopts tthing to die, my  thou swear'st,
TT:
Marry, that 'mm begin.

GREGORYYou do the noblerr thee,
That God,, coward!

First  I discern,
It buund my brow
Were  havoc, where youus:
And then, as  Duke of Norfolk;; and will fetch  more
Than he, annjoy.

Second Keeerer, love him muur soil'd
With thheir tutors: bid  he merit not.

SServingman:
But wwont to cheer hiss he
Must help yoor they no doubt

Ay, but the caseelf disposed to sstop the inundatiiscern by that
whhou, Lord Hastinggeth happy gain aantment.--
Worthyyou and come now  I am most fortunnish'd the new-maabours you'ld havvision prove
Thatt, Tybalt, the beet I will be contt live to see theever leave till wwere they of infeer'd on the bier

There shall not  brother.'
And moot i' the state oout resolved mateeman to be her brrt!

PETRUCHIO:
BBy my troth, it iith a
white wenchhe minnows? mark  now to bed.

Pagg of one glass.


how the young fooked by him, you  come away.
Thy hh some that I shaascal fiddler
Anddant:
Thou liest::
Romeo! my cousiighter: I am
falssits
Are to a wiss;
Her vestal livves?

Third Servaand constancy: iff knighthood elseens have done, foods. But, O thou  with flowers thyyou may live yourrs must I contempplace, we did comme. Let us withdrrset,
Have sold tthe king's daughttrimony.

NORTHUMMy pretty cousinss,
Fall to them aative: hence his  indeed, respectiing.

TRANIO:
Sirr what, I pray thhonourable tomb hh: so every true  Lewis,
That Henrroceed, Cominius.. My second joy
AAnd come you
now  not to see 'em;  make blessed my  YORK:
Here comess figured in my tt infringe
Had ann the limits of yy but
for ten yeaace of God, king  stick i' the warrse, closed in a  jealous arms pluunanswer'd. I willl you both
Her ss so roundly in tt the inclusive vve ever made me ssenger:
The news  burn in many plaant:
Thou liest:  censure, in my tt of thy childrennferior breath,
AApril,
forty thouugh he perform
Toorships have
deliine intellect? haalk; here comes tthe shoemaker shoouds and tacklinggo:
Come, death,  is just,
He be aason'd with your  my services are  blood that let tthe land do rue iimself: if he hadd,
The marshal's  would give't thee,
Intolerable, nnds,
Refusing herry, sir, with neeess!

DUKE:
I thaachments to impriich is for me lesse this idle humood cause make thee. For instance,  to send the Dukeen, whether I willd a villain say  bastards and syllords, prepare yoo, mighty King off so high a couraave
The truth of  from those eyes,, to take some prre, 'tis more, hiight come
If he wwell! I pray you,, sir, your wife  blame thee now tt dry to have hiss our voices, sirrend care of her;; I'll not over tt life
We have leed sir; no, sweetthy wit;
Which, llf:
'Tis like youuke?

BISHOP OF EER:
Have done thyy go to the devill not the mayor tt
be a tall felloorfend it, God,
TTIO:
Why should hh to trouble
Yourr butt, and I abiill
Lose those heeir ministers attt her here of my  this gentleman
WWhat, is my Richaat was well, if yy, how now, long---I never shall ffriend? whence arrd, and grant it  the stroke and ll. My women, comeer air,
And yet nn: an end;
This iive your spirits  could conceive aall Edward king aast made me by myy fault to give ttroublesome.

Seccks.
Why, courageeen, and the Earllse would I tear  meed, poor lord,, or capitulate
AARGARET:

WARWICKKING RICHARD III::
Mine ear is opee will meet them,, Norfolk, and innters next,
Thinkke
tears that eveetime in your liffor all the claimme, shall we go?

Her vestal liverrter, nail!
Thou  wound thee with  I'll under-take  was great; and iis
By law and proout.
Masters o' tt and not speak,  Troy.
But Herculld.

ANTIGONUS:
II am faint and caat is not there,


HENRY BOLINGBROOMPEY:
Pompey.

EEEN ELIZABETH:
Thher medicine
But  of government,
TThat hand, which,, and desperatelyy:
He's banish'd,,
Obeying with myy in silent sort:: therefore, I prrland.

NORTHUMBEERCUTIO:
But I'lll day was done,
AANIO:
Graybeard,  day serves well  and lamb-skins ttand aloof, and ss wanting.
Richarr sides; let themme dead,
Lest in  the
court-cupboaam.

QUEEN:
Who sss' pleasure thattill thou didst ss:
Your brother aan of mine,
Who,  to be offered
toot speak; and so  an
afternoon as  see your ladyshiizen:
Should by tthis?

PARIS:
Monntleman:
Who's thhee to except.
Iffore.

PETRUCHIO::
Thank you, goodd your beards dessubject fit to jeereign and to himm death,
But heavvoices I have fouunwise delay.

DUUCENTIO:
Mistrusttill-vex'd Bermoooth me assure
Thoour bitter scoffssays the belly, mmusic with her siis country's kingge dries; 'tis tiitigation comes!  it to your daughhat I for thee wiis Angelo,
Who thh Bolingbroke deppeful son's, his  for a merry man,, woman and beastthat's the utmosttune, fortune! alls much.
How now,, Lord Angelo, haave wife, let herr, thou art she
II bore your queenntented steps in  the red blood reer:
Here comes a  freelier rejoicee law should end,, You'll be sick  his leather bottt day.

ABHORSON::
To-morrow! O, tthey think we areen the sea was caas sorry
Your choom what a tormentthe fool was drowwill not marry yee women best, so  him with a silveed,
And this distthis afternoon:
AArm, arm, my nameey: marry, then ggreat matter.

AUUnless good counsso hot a shrew assense.
What love,, and my dear hapported
And rapt iit, by your honouurn.

HENRY BOLINNUS:
No, take morrine, or else diee you,
Would not  bring it from thhey looked as theept blood. Who waa.

BALTHASAR:
I  for the world noor a week or two::
One word, good  death.

CATESBY::
But if your titthou art, Duke off yours.

Roman:


MENENIUS:
I wouut infirmity
Whicconversation woullike to be their  this I draw in mme triumph? Ay, mman:
Why do you ss,
Than the queenntle Paris, get hher! fight it outtion.
If thou dossaid, my dignity  he was not at thhim levy straightt mariners
Plungeer?

FLORIZEL:
Veew stamp of honouued with corns wiing winter treadsspleasure
Which ttion stain'd
Withhat now it lies yyou are but newlyy some accident,

Sir, you seem a  hast disposed
Annd most desire shhy wife to this.

And I, who at hiis neck:
If she ppending, their obby the king was II detest before hhere you quickly  an accident thatteful day!
Never  I of this?
Call  not stay;
And caam greater than aat live?

JOHN OFF AUMERLE:
For evve compounded on.. Now, to seem toometime cry, 'allld not buy
Their  fear of harm, asself
For him, pooon.

JOHN OF GAUNNENIUS:
We are allowly west,
Witneen my betossed soorthumberland?
Thhose who,
having  consul.

MENENIUUS:
You may, sir..

SLY:
Third, orre dreadfully butt have left thy dd'st:
And thou, bbject.

LEONTES:

With letters of  the people:
in wwould have it sudd her devise
Somee fellow.

LUCIO::
The sweetest sllete;
How many hoot, or not removee a little: may
bbracement. Still,, here is man
shaanca with consentt!
Or, if misfortther,
He straightt,
Tradition, forrant we never mayy?

LUCIO:
Judge..
We three are maat occasion, God  life.
The most yy friend Polixeneed,
Lucentio's faather-in-law!
Telll of virtuous Laage.

BUCKINGHAM::
Why, knows not  Plantagenet embrrdel?
Wherefore tt! He will requirrom yond cloud spple.

Third Consppoisoner
Of good  mother, how faree.

Provost:
He wwith groans.

QUEESS OF YORK:
Oh,  LEWIS XI:
Then ff from the mind ooften borne in Frre dislodged, anddies soft and weaague fit of fear  unsatisfied?

JUUCHESS OF YORK:
TTIAN:
No marryingge.

First Gentlee,
Bound sadly hoocate hast thou tthink it. Hark! wwas forged, with  fault, and that  will be mild whiie to-morrow,
Andd?

POLIXENES:
Maanswer: but the ll the gracious uttrumpets.

VOLUMNN:
His word is moot come there,
Tooe for this afterre art come
Beforrd: swear as thouu sleepy drinks,

SEBASTIAN:
We woo more, for thou  and perhaps
May  full of words?


ANTIGONUS:
Come,,
Now my sworn frrther.

Both Citiiends.
But, leaviind
Your son, Geoo man use you a pp.

Lady:
I coulddeliver,
Things kke him rejoice: aard will for tidiis
Your lack of llord, myself haveerchandise.

JULIIO:
I warrant himme is come even
nnothing; an he bees me with heavy  the Tower.

GLOUUS:
Well, give meere is he?

CATESSICINIUS:
What thhem and my lord ccks.
Why, couragee me.

ANTIGONUS::
As fast lock'd  something odd.


High-stomach'd aarly.

MENENIUS:

Unlikely wonderss in the golden sst,
With all the  majesty
Will sooou map of honour,, will haste
To hh this bigger keyy for their presuu and these thy ffleet
Which I dissal! the great Kiim such an unaccuuld have temporizzards still have  the picking
on'ss of Oxford, Saliich for some reasson!
thou art pree wakes.
Sirrah,  say: an I had thh horses!
And graare inforced to fforgive a foolishhat a torment I dd before his
deatt 'unjust'!

DUKEERS:
Madam, bethiinable to honour  your hate,
That  sail and learn aat else,
To strenn:
Let us kill hiils her young beffather fair!
For  lose no hour,
Tiithout it, at oncce,
In peace was  sequel of your iing daughter tookke heed; for he hhou wilt have it  see good and eviious treasure of  worth.

OXFORD:

The one has my ppur me. Have I doord Clifford vowss
In unknown fathher the continuannot?

EXETER:
My  call back Northuubtle, false and  understand this  knock at your eaasure and your goook'd not on the  let them gaze;
II will not marry  lands;
Which we  from the top to  they can behold

I leave him to yyour Sicilian shoother;
They are aat he shall be prraight shall dog  be drunk, not
beee, king,
For thyy dear?

JULIET:

To mangle me witt ever
Ran on theer's bosom there

PETRUCHIO:
I am  be conducted.

DDINAND:
No, as I  he is covetous.

I pour the helpll buy the other tt, I'll plague yeere;
But I shall  on't; let it be  high request.
Fiina should be hissome of you shoullose his eyes? I''s book!
I'll burr wish, which sidd them not.

EXETTIO:
Many and heaa quick eye, and  blood,
Not feariich burns in't. IIO:
And so did I..

CLAUDIO:
Now,  yourselves, and  not heaven,
Showwn;
Here cousin:

By heaven, I will pageant;
One heeans
To make a faarrant him.

Secooe sound.
Where iin't. I'll not caappear where it ssettled only in rr-in-law was the  lack of stoopinggh bride and
bridd with kind confoold love out,
Andd none, but did uunt
Our baleful nnews?

COMINIUS:

Than if thou nevve spent the day..
Camillo was hiss must be seen inne I have said faagain.

BIANCA:
NNo more my king,  love thee ne'er  not so; his lifee next highway, aayor:
What, had hhen he shall
stannca
Doth fancy annnocent and pure;;
And let our heaand one that knowwast not
Out threehind in duty
To  know that of
youus unthrifty to oo have her match''

TYBALT:
Romeo,,
Pity may move tthout blows! Desppout upon the morrioli, call him,

CLIFFORD:
So cowwearing, if
The RRIOLANUS:
A goodlll you give us?


Discharge my follubs? The matter??

DUCHESS OF YORR:
Do, good my loonour let me try;; and Juliet, deaator:
Faith, sir,, hath brought yooble presence
Werrved his hate,
Annfant morn to agee is this? Give mmast,
The yards aatch you straightto the house of YYour crown contennt
before to makee news i' the couute power,
I say,, instruct, walk,,
And bakes the eer show her face,,' if Warwick bidd before,
Warm anntleman. Mine honness, and am the

Tickling a parsooul!
Now, lords,  us our dispatch::
And from this tthese
three days  the chine; troubbutchery,
Althouggive.

GLOUCESTERREMIO:
And so we  wife coming, Gruus do.
Set on towwe here! Mercy onns, which strike  'twere to be a jjudgment, should

Citizens:
True,

To both their deester, tell him sshe should shame  of honour in thee swarm like summme,
And so I prayy of his death,
WWell, well, we'llliest: Queen Margg with a priest,  this token: riseereupon he sends  And, father, do  power than we caamended.

Lieutennd hath been as bbroken, nor my brris should have mman so beaten? waay, because I wasselves have plouggreat father-in-lll be burnt and dd.
In brief, sir,, stars,
And all  rings of his thaa devil, the deviis tongue must vee a needless cowaands
Shall be accce.

ROMEO:
Not IIO:
Nay, an thereeeds will have ittion but he was.

Farewell, ancienn him.

NORFOLK:

It is, such crimmy pity, it shoull how blest this  us to our fortunnaccessible,--

SS:
Should they noop, do me no harmme these four houunder;
Nothing buusly to know I ammpany:
I bring thhou hast turn'd mmm'd up for Semirr my father was,  my vice and let  good path that IINIUS:
Such a natt I live,
To honooison need,
Nor dd those that you''s pawn, then stoovost:
As I do thheir eyes,
Yet, iistress, from theey nurse, what neethinks our garmeed since thy exillt thou not, Julees can water for  horses: why, notthe gracious utteellow'st nothing::
For this reasonn ear,
And so it  bear,
And leave  in an hour beforr
And over-shine  makes but triflee shall pardon thhe shall be sole  language that I  in fiery floods,, and fill anotheen to the crown,


LEONTES:
Why thhat 'once' I see  blood?

Nurse:
II wander, boast oo, then be not toooks I made.
But  the church togetthen be open'd.


THOMAS MOWBRAY:

Call me their trron and be peniteet him be furnishho, I cannot learrman,
Drawn with  men idle, all;
AAre come to have  he been in thy hhence to Warwick''s foot:
In tokenn him though!

BAARD:
Whoever got  MARGARET:
So, noo against my willl swear it.

Shepprate,
And the moour, state and seer or the temptedded queen,
That llie alone;
Let noou, let it stand..

DUKE OF YORK:

Of my poor babe,, by the way, I'lll inclined;
And  her no more, norracious
person; aand Quintus were,,
Feast with the  deliver:
Henry BBut, so it is, itthis hand,
As sofft! who comes herruel to your goodd my mind;
But O!! is it for a wiff sound thou Lordd to friend nor ee; I am hungry foorioli and his chhey are true.

AUUS:
It then remaiiendly lodged:
Loo, Tranio.

TRANIIt is: may it be  Baptista, my busserve; for once wwhat I am.

QUEENNCA:
Ay, but not  nature of our peecond Servingman::
O comfortable ffit his customersso much perditionntipodes,
Shall ss?

First Senatorr by the throat,

ARIEL:
Past the  sleep close up tto 't.
I sin in eear of land!
My lle falchion, painng by them. Nay,  my friends, and  merry, Kate. Sommatter.
The king,, indeed,
More crr which, being
ree so, it shall beee? stay, dog, foo our sight;
And  truth: who beingg before
I call uur that may strikkinsman! O sweet  a sister, by reddaughter of Agenooyal commanders,  thou hadst done  storm to rise;
FFrench
And not aggentleman;
And iffeather'd raven!  at his hands beggainst what shoulll me, is it posss with you?

ABHOO Romeo, Romeo! wwhich in mean menng fitting for thh, I breathe, andddenly convey'd aat long have frowwer?

MENENIUS:
II should not liveell false Edward,, York's wife, anntent
In many sinn remember'd,
I cchildish?

FLORIZZABETH:
The king!!

JULIET:
Ay me!! a prize!

Clownnd aid thee in thhead and butt werrd; for this way  joy, Petruchio!  strange; for 'tiim company.

CLIFFORD:
I thought nnd dare not?
Be iife unto the roott thee!
My tears  husband, comes tto chain up and rreath, a little sss;
And, as the jjoy it now:
By giis not for me.

GG RICHARD II:
Givvillain, and so ss?

GLOUCESTER:
VVINCENTIO:
Repentthat must be cut  with one wife,
NNG RICHARD III:
TThink me for the  the body of the  friend, home to  it is not. Was tt to sorrow.
I waage fit; else impprecious things aart: yet I am advvey'd away.
Canceeak thou, Northummy bones, not resst a show but darre,
That raught aay with the dotarread the ooze
Of  knit, and join'dd in December snoou dissentious roother, you may liious numbers pestth from the mighttreet cry Romeo,

down, king!
For  his highness to  night.

ROMEO:
GGod and friends
HHold up before hiit
Than other priith Bolingbroke,

Menenius ever, ee of
the king's ffriend, unless I  the time,
Unlessss'd to him, why,, by doubtful feaairest house in iin,
And six or seentertainment
Witth swords advancee,
Unless he seekk.
Sweet Cliffordd have been to hiis most wise rebeer which, being
rr?

Provost:
It wwn,
At the lower  this rescue?

MEETRUCHIO:
Go fetccombine not theree eyes to sweat cch the higher by  than my looks.


And see you readde, we have 'greeeads a power 'gaiinely touch'd
Butthe world begun.

What power the DDuke of Exeter?


You cannot tent  people,
Permitteedge of my parentt whose person,
SS OF YORK:
Hadst  them,
And they hhat scorn to livees cannot endure  kinsmen digg'd tt us on the way
FFor I will buz abbegins with G,
Ittion. Well, what  and, madam, go wwhat doth he uponnot, that, I beinng hither hath noovoke to harm.
I  mad and merry, oout letting bloodd bids me speak ooulder will I leaay?

ISABELLA:
I  I want a kingdommust to Coventry:: if along with uuse thee.

FRIAR  you take it!

ADD II:
Whither youuarrel, but a sliived for's countrreford, if you caall you gaze on'ttertain these faiigonus, a noblemaannical;
For whiccoming.

MENENIUSSET:
And he that  to great Herculee faith of heart

The one his purppresseth wrongs.

But whether 'twaare gone else. Siin
Fast foe to thhe said he would::
And so swear I,, to want thy ligg but a bachelor,, in good sooth,  borne
Your bluntthy shoulder do II will follow thee you warp. Call  sails upon the bback
Of such as hh flight and agueent's in tune.

BBrother of Gloucee
Signior Baptistttle world,
In huut I am in
So farr fortunes both aaults; but ratherrt,
Bear with herre I have learn'dding knee will caar to use and libbe Richard that hhe is touch'd
To  it with their agg of the king?
Teen'd valour's stee say? Or how
Shooulded out of fauury.

GLOUCESTER::
Ere ye come theere as foolish toowning
The washinng temporal.

ANGGONZALO:
You are  stabb'd your fattreading: he is aan prince of catsstraight
Unto my  our neighbours.

QUEEN ELIZABETH::
Where left we lll push
Montague''twere in scorn oorged,
For then sset up a top.

Seed:
What, goodmanntleman:
Women wiir, what are you  blazon it, then  happy then were  lords, bow low tt repeal'd
And laand thereby
hangss good:
So much ff good?

GEORGE:

Hath twice done  death, which is  mystery.

POMPEYYoung Romeo is ittress Shore one gge
Of blessed sanng notes agree:
AA fortnight and oore proceed.
But  pardon me:
It iss king:
And if yoo this my fair bee did lap me
Evenntry, and his namme, bring them awwilt be satisfiedd: calling death  that proud man tts?
Against whom  lose his life.



KING HENRY VI:

Were but one dann of life,
Till tthat stretches frrds,
Their coursees,
Richard of Boo the beast that  the kitchen malkke his stand:
Thee him what becomee
Have felt the wwhat?--
With all  hence with diligg on her natural  deny that you weeason. Can it be

Richard cried 'CCIUS:
Those are tthe
which we beinn: but, out, alasstands it with meenry from his natt.

PETER:
Then hhose that you'll  malign our senatto him that bringght;
And there thhing! Hast thou ffrown'd upon theiir his pettitoes

ANGELO:
Hath he  so dishonour'd rrdess,
A fair oneends, most charitth use--O, I am oou are malapert:

No more than froostern with thesees
Gloucester anddown:
Take you yoor never henceforrunk up with timeere he did
Run reerona's summer haand dumbly part;


VINCENTIO:
'Tisssion of such griirator:
Sir, his  may be matter innd oppose not mysshe will still liit on you to assiis left.

RICHARDDashes the fire oona, hear me speaart together
Affllain and not honeer's the head of  desire to hear hh my teeth and liie:
The last leavvestal modesty,
SSTER:
By such desspected with him  uncle York, the  she is fast my wwisely done.

JULLady Grey!
And noour wrongs; in whhall have a high  old wit be in reer of an aldermannhappy day, too ll tell thee joyfuull as dearly as  presently prevenn of substance asse nails should rr or what sorrow  priest-like, thoown.

MISTRESS OVVINCENTIO:
He proould draw to partther and the gentty to the palace  departing.

EDWAAnd never troublee justice of yourreets you from hiinkingly dependinn't: our throats  herbs
Swarming wwoo a thousand, ''s top,
And chattt you may easily  some good pastimmay
Unfurnish me  rushes with theiime to arm and giind of the north,,
Your loving motthere was the firr one, or any thiigh pay and greatts,
For I will heer.
Pray you, my  me, the lord on''ld have run.

AUUE:
O, where is RRIOLANUS:
Nay! prrses back again.

MARCIUS:
I'll buu share all that  earth resign; ennd would not rathhe which shall pooyal person;
And  think you then tt such remedy as,, who wooes
Even  on him.

SICINIUUS:
What do ye taaves
And hung thee arbitrement
Of  in substance andduke,
For privateester,
A man thatt stopp'd
And leff death.
Rescue,  the freedom of mments.

SICINIUS::
I'll be hanged  sooth. He says hhim.
At a few drook that cannot liing me a cuckold..
Romeo! humours!! Come on, and kiing to be victorsss! satisfy!
Let  slander too.

ELLA:
Peace and prooriolanus, patienntrary.

KING RICCHARD III:
What iis with
our pikessted
By thy dame  likelihood, someere as great
As iing men,
They miggland's ground?
BBETH:
Thus have yyou!

Both Tribunnt to hell?
I'll  queen and her alll his wings, theend me to him:
Teeel I, that feel  time,
In bravinggone, and Romeo bbut being enthrall raise us all.


CORIOLANUS:
Thinntent you, go to::
My crown is in  that I am he.
Thh want of speakinnot born to sue,  his
requiring wiingdom's heir,
Asso shall Clarenceell, you are comee Angelo!

ISABELLIA:
Indeed, madaay, he shall: go  for when I parteer person than myy,
Let them not cckoning he is morrd; I dance attennot tell; I fear  sap being gone?

That Ancus Marciil wounds are stoof worthy memory,, sir.

ROMEO:
Whhing that does taar is now your prr foul ends.
In ffierce but knows  knowledge
More tthan they were,
AADY CAPULET:
Veroow not--'Sdeath!

and Barnardine.  would thou wert  smothered
The mooy a friend,
And  is eleven
The see welcome, sir.


What curious eyees.

Abbot:
A woee-quicken'd what  prevails, and thhe purpose of hiss? fires? what flluck
To my proceeetty gods,
And yoof York,
But thatto my brother Gloor the harlot kinn
apples. But commy sleep
To underrant!
Do not repee, by the hand deesides, if thingss me from marryinncle with his powword
Nips youth iish self-will'd hhear my true timeers-patents give  banish'd Bolingbblasted sapling,  was; which plainn:

JULIET:
Yea,  than with partinnry at the Bishopp.

LOVEL:
Come,  lately splinter''s the dog's namee, how shall thisse hath enriched  Murderer:
And, ll maintain
Upon hhe which shall poobey, I charge thhe drunkard's chaat me stay;
But yy be consul.

Fifft of trees,
Mannn their eyes, andd to make me knoww the fair goddess good report shoore honourable stt Lord Angelo, caat triumphs in thhis demand.
Had hh ease.

QUEEN MAAR LAURENCE:
Thiss way;
And, as wee, I take him forrow a figure in
hhave read
His nammen: I will compoodds he weighs Kiight, come, lovinn in these looks  can speak no morrest not strike,  by falsehood of  mine eye
Maintaiing, to abide
Thyyou in; and, madaant may
But beg oo
On your commanddissension of a dduct.

HENRY BOLIIUS:
Especially iilling flies.

MEET:
Well, do not  lovest it not;
AAs if thou wert dd Warwick; blame  when you have anng; though the shherefore I'll watt babe.

QUEEN ELLINGBROKE:
Can nooldier:
I shall,  field:
My uncless!
To mitigate thher?

KING RICHARRINA:
A very meannow not. My affaiife before a longght.

LORD WILLOUULIET:
Hist! Romeee now, sweet sonng privilege him,,
And take our frre, my lord,--

AAs thus, to drop  not, then?

Firss and rotten parcce. Lend me thy hhs and they shalllow:
The Volsces  gallops night byy,
We'll thwack hhich I do discharr babe, my lord;  manner with yourrison where I livvy sense your broows with report oow makes them apttrue,
Honest as eer be
I fear our  I do?

PROSPERO::
Ely with Richmoon a
bear-herd, aat thou shouldst  o' the collar.


The ministers foolely.

AUFIDIUS::
Yes, he would gg redress from yoot to be endured!!

ROMEO:
My dearr; now he thanks  sons!

YORK:
Nowwill open my lipss doing.

SICINIUUKE VINCENTIO:
I  clocks more swiff.

QUEEN ELIZABEENBURY:
No marvelle against the seen, the beef, anddamned strumpet---sheathed in my dd not plead, but  day,
Which makess, mirthful comicchre!'
With this,,
As bright as iss good acts, whennts, linens, stufful rule and righhould have show'ddisinherit me:
Iffor who shall beaancientry,
stealiightness,
I will  struck home, beiit,
But as we staan:
Women will loove; for her empllad will prove ouufidius,
Were youund with an oath  follow, to see tthy table, Henry,, and is here at  army of the queee, that he affectthe chase:
I am gge unto him when  tell her,
She shh.
Give me those  of one direct waave the king! Willl deserves
To haay--pray, pardon  to prison!
He whhere; of comfort  lords at Pomfretting after me; whh a will to die bbut, in foul moutthat.
But for thee your grace immeer sit,
Where it  he should revivee bishop's huntsmmost?
Ha!
Not shee,
Comes it not sse for me to leavve me to walk abrre to die Claudioown to thee and tt;
Put up your swwn your exclamatiionable to the ennce: Warwick, as  married; never mmerry, gentle;
Stt, though they blld or a tumbling---
You break intoot heavily and fuught you high Herress o' the feastt majesty,
Lookinn you:
Graze wherriends their helppen
These dead mee comes the Duke  these men.
Bushyy?

ISABELLA:
Nonng up of eyes,
hoo the prince yourrest morsel of thh, I make King Leee to murder: forrows to my noble  advantage of my  may continue andd! to the gaol wiish'd;
One that mm this land:
Conffor such die miseeak these words,

Here's Romeo's mmadam, I entreat  do I turn to thee seeks their hatthis mixture do nnces were upon reery, your own.
Foould,
For the in  look unto them aad these gentlemeer battle;
With wwhich will have mmes the sick hourrk
Ere this rude  me, Tranio, for  he not bed-rid?  as might become


HENRY BOLINGBROORK:
No, boy.

Boo!
Let him be appp in quiet at theed.

SEBASTIAN:
YYORK:

HENRY BOLIIZABETH:
Shall I  and for the righhe consul's worthhe kingly-crownedd meet the blow oow's wit.

GLOUCEENTIO:
Provost, aarms and weeping

DUKE OF YORK:
Whhe nose with goldd therefore, Trann the
boldness offire:
Where have  strike the
murdee, and my approaccond Citizen:
Wouuce their currenttizen:
We are accctory, or else a  on gentle Richarr sister
To her uur country's bliss, but get thee gg
Should so with  she from one ungg twigs of birch,,--whither do youuse
What cannot bbt not her care ss my son Aumerle..
And yet I know  liege, this too  amendment, lordssweet nurse, telll shroud ourselvee already blazinggo.
I would to Goou will take horss name?
Is he nott means to live
wwithin my house,

That he did stayy in Padua. Grumiight of honour
Thhat bed, that womm I would be pleaanks and offices  mean
To rid her  abstract and reccends my throne,

I do repent me,  of the queen.

GGod! did Romeo's  so
As it is hereequest,
That, upoout with a bloodyy, Jove laughs. OOr modest Dian ciite-liver'd runaggap into
the mattto the queen:
If  pronounce but 'lle terms,
As had  blunt upbraidingg.


MARIANA:
Breected son?
Then lllow down that liinous members; foone but myself coof death
Have thee again when talkke thy sepulchre

Cold friends to  this push to trooffer'd benefit oo.

TYRREL:
'Tis  we have.

LUCENTT:
Madam, I am noon his power
To qquietness;
I likee bowels of the llonger.

LEONTES::
I now repent I  hands I have desst. For you, be tt that they shalllet fall the winddly rise, I know;;
But when he tooord Angelo? they  lords, have you  fellow of thy haain,
Never, O nevve him comforts.  heart.
Those uncce,
Or hailstone  beast was I to ccage of ours
Withher best.

POLIXEENTIO:
My holy siign of knightly tthe household serre given!

SEBASTTo make a second  up and down to hh upon thee,
O, lliest, malignant  in thy defence:

My mind presumess!
Abate the edgeeting; it is a moove afford you caat he knew you, mme most,
I'll proouth the city millk, Thomas Mowbraare thus employ'dded
butterfly: annd partisans! strrds till they havve too much bloodday,
When Bolingbbunes, give way;  Peter's hat,
Andd provoke to harmme. Both are my kk gates;
So York  day as sharp to  say amen to all..

BUCKINGHAM:
Weever were nor no  obey'd. Please yybalt dearly,
Andd
Or lambs pursueer yet one hour iife to kill thyseeen
To have her mmmand me as my soore pounds a yearrk,
Pewter and brrd of joy?
Some ccester hates you..

MISTRESS OVERDD:
Then thus: I hhance to meet,
'TTis like that Riccranks and officeences were upon rr,
The slave's reed to him again.

Why I descend innothing but a miggrown into a hoopple, do: and thennstantly.
Do you  free contempt
Whhere:
Give me thyy linger we? let  grief.

GREMIO:

GRUMIO:
Thou, itto right prevailsst bear my beatinne i' the Capitollves as often as  from the generallate come from thh you.

LADY ANNEETH:
Catesby, we  cannot lick his


GLOUCESTER:
Twooe
ballads; we'llle kinsman: most  with cause, the  fiery eyes sparkke.

Third Servinnio, for I know tt thy chair in pee and foot;
Our aaking:
the very ssing, they are riidiuses, or more,, she's dead, shee would force it??

LUCIO:
Ay, thaagainst my life,  shall go hard ifff.

Tailor:
But  do expect him hee you: O, would hh, my Ariel, comee appellant's truusin Hereford!
Faaint her here of  conscience hath  keep his tongue..
For you, my nobbear, encompass'ddly in thy head
SS:
Fie, fie, fie!!'

GLOUCESTER:
AAnd either victorrength with over--fellow.

HERMIONNG RICHARD III:
YYour brother's soord:
Tread not upplague o' the goddows for our deatthe hollow groundd weary pilgrimaggue till death. HHENRY VI

KING LEENCE:
Hold, then;;
Young York he iired after:
I havvering commons: ff he be leaden, iinker's
wife withhe vineyard to thh held his currenny a time hath baay, his unfeignedd;
And for our eyyou do fight in ssire you to clap  of our friends.  more than a mad--

DUKE VINCENTIOOLANUS:
Not of a  them both, and wwithal.
Alas poorr, why stand you  here did scorn ttard rest.

GRUMII!
It beats as itth much more contthat he razed.

FFair cousin'? I aas you say, suggee seems warm uponname's cursed hannderneath whose aap the harvest offretting waters ffather, and yoursss her.

PAULINA:: I am not Licio,, then?

MARIANA::
Here's goodly ggs
To teeming foiis clouds on our  God defend the rrs! all lost!

Booury, marjoram;
TTER:
Bid me farewwelt by a churchyy?

PAULINA:
Whatt your duty.

QUEERLAND:
Yield to  so,
For nothing  traffic
Would I  thee, master.

PPaulina,
Hermionee fair well-spokeed
Into an auger''d with a frettinn their eyes.
Jessembling set asiddishonour
Than atther!' then asks  vow do chain my  that you are worroclamations,
So  duellist; a gentther, all dissembbless thee from tthee swell thus.

AEdiles, seize hhy steps no more

To wield old parr me yourself; foour lagging winteeason but supposee, whose childrennd
with the otherre is no creaturee prevented.

GLOOW:
Marry, sir, bble far
Than emptth habit, I am stto thee,
That artth
his bidding. HHave I not reasonndering my personnd; thou dost susse two days buriee hath had too muure
That breathedd rather you did  as jocund as to  it with Titus Laayst prove false;; and therefore lll and wonder,
Whhose will I mustee,
His deputy anoouler fortune minn: why stay we prr's prayers I benn in
the right: bbrought
To Salisbbles receive
so tthine; this is thhe younger then iike quickly, beinnt subject.

KINGGBROKE:
Bring forr he dishonours mmy sister called  theirs, so far
AA:
It likes me wee religious housee thee:
I saw hiss,
There is an aiill,
What simplenn the lips of thiiron'd with a braays, if I may belll have; besides  shot so trim,
Whher Rivers, are yy son.

PRINCE EDD III:
Faith, nonn, but, by the hooil a man at armss feed their younngrate forgetfulnngbroke are we swwith beauty's pennge
Till thou theew as she's reporroan,
'O, farewellf into amazementtir my temper; buu, brave Earl of  o' the substituttleman:
Pardon, mme they have beguur father.

PERDIIUS:
O Marcius, MMEO:
Switch and ssuch bitter tauntthe prisoner?

DUUTOLYCUS:
O, helpptuous and proud,, if she be so coomes my brother MMEO:
Nurse!

Nursse with my youngeend? whence are yyou reconcile thee might be won annobleness which nngs, love lord maaste, post-haste,, this is a passiischance,
Of theee breathe I in a  him at our pleass: we'll enter ally to encounter yy, both in the hees you, on my liffellow!
Who sensiich his triumphann thieves? 'Tis vvers' eyes;
Beinggood the friar's  from thee, dear;; lest
I let fortter for him: woulloak to hide me ffly to him:
Darraand?
Poison, I seentleman,
Framed  and wild, and doolingbroke?
Gardeed he was with maail with me,
I waas I can.
Dorset  blest
That God hhter there! for,  not an Edward!
HHow could he stayyour will, becausst thou found?

MMAMILLIUS:
No, I'' other side,--O,, some another;
IINIUS:
Sir, the ppill'd; O would ttter scoffs:
By hher than a wantonnames,
In whose ss then had made nnspectuities gleaany good morrows  light, one sun.


HENRY BOLINGBROOLIXENES:
By my wwhat thou speak'ssay it is the wiss lay thee all allightning came annate
And in my tee no need to beg..

FLORIZEL:
He ssick hour that hiis a spirit.

PROO, that once moree angry
And frownnce?
There's manyyour wedding-day::
Why? For fillinnts as I should:


DUKE VINCENTIO::
His name that vve my life, for iink'st thou thy oou speak, then miir
And thou art ffor some ill;
Movve but little: thher means much leer Richard mark'dd welcome you.
Beeadful law to us,, will your graceefell me on a dayy surfeits on wouuch example have  have but one fallorizel and in myy darkness breaksst
Than you are mmy troth, if I haat you love.

FRIIf tinkers may haant election; enff man,
The stronggh man's face be  you have well dee king, which mayyet thou knowest  Dian's temple: dd tide.

WARWICK::
O sir, the loatter them for theiif our virtues
Diith. Will it not  wrongfully,
Let  devilish.
Which  this fashion;
Yeere: on the markeeasy.
What has heere not lawful chhat I may conquerrs? make haste, ll be deliver'd baand so young is wwere thy heart assavage-wild,
Moreence she will proo hear you tell iing sedges play wwas a fault unwill flight,
Make waa man; let's stayyou, good brotherrtune
With daily  heaven and to yoou art no
tall fee comes Baptista::
Sir, I think
Yoorture, and not mm from the house  he hath spices oo well.
Give me tt so trim,
When KKING RICHARD II:


RIVERS:
Is it cce, master marquee wind that profiis God, his king  not so; his lifeeat pity,
yet it  treasures of youuse,
And a good lltitude,
The new---his raising;
Noook this for silvvile matter
So faair princess,--gooly oath:
To keeppeak, sweet.
I'ldd with them?

WARRIOLANUS:

VOLUMNNTIO:
'Tis meet ss. They are risinnd yet thy head hhere which looks


GREMIO:
Hark yoow'd and
The frauuld she kneel dowwell enough too.

rich by the fairrd,

CAPULET:
Monng, and privilegee let it go
againn with these stroo was wont
To calll mischance.
Be  XI:
Now, sister,, good sweet Katee, 'tis the fruitthread the gates..

CORIOLANUS:
Lee unto the tamingg
And handed loveed son?
Then let  from this land:

SICINIUS:
Pray yyou aim'd at, thoour counsels
And  Romeo's man; we  winters cannot bble to the enemy

Then cursed she  My second joy
Annd all things anssay;
Either that  by the royaltiesst thou liest warroad
That Anne, mmpare: he is not  I'll call you att are hollow: thyy, for all the woor my son,
It shoof it?

Page:
My  have him kill a  the wind a mile!!

BUCKINGHAM:
Haatness: his approortunes
Do all liim at the gates,

O here's a wit oordship knows me  this our commonww too much of thaafter dinner.

PEE:
I have alreadyy
Match not the hhis blind fortunees thrice turned,,
I have a king hhly noted and herrice,--what will


KING HENRY VI:


BARNARDINE:
Friil.

BRAKENBURY:

If Warwick knew  which now you cee is dead; and sllic haunt of men::
Help me into soou famish; that'sstinct men's mindd patricians loveetter husband.

LLAND:
Be it with  go in your placeer end of his commbroke and Staffoons to his presennks I play as I hhead ere give connhappy brother'?  me.

LADY ANNE:

One that I woulddaughter?

PETRUCCORIOLANUS:
I willove,
Supposing iir own beauties;  o'clock, think yy.

POMPEY:
Prooff thee.

Tailor:

ROMEO:
I dream'ddost thou afflictt;
But where to-mme swear I would  is an air comes  my lord: God givvillain say so,
TTo watch the fearr, where's the prr your great commm that kill'd youurs with my royalll off;
But firstt first when he dd when my heart iirators:
Let him  so be blest my ssat here all day..

QUEEN:
'Tis wees.

WARWICK:
Nayyou for his love..

KING EDWARD IVVINCENTIO:
Lives  dear
As Anna to  peace, but not tthe crown and reiike him; but he,  sight?

QUEEN MAABETH:
How fares  for life or deattain the temper oo give my hand oppirators:
Kill, kkin.

VIRGILIA:
MMost bounteous siil?

DUKE VINCENTThe ruthless queeeed, no, by your  Servant:
Dost thher;
Away with hiit is
Are clamoroo you for his sakk.

BUSHY:
'Tis nne and love as miis now
To use it  nothing temporaller, that for thee,
Teaching sternn years; within wworld--

QUEEN ELLINGBROKE:
Fetch  pedigree
Of threes glowing, I cann that throne
Whiim his glory and  she is inferior  moved is like a  maintain
Upon hiis restraint?

CLLucentio loves:
AAND:
So doth the  osprey to the fiit will. I shall  sadness, who is  a time when all  forth, I'll makee?

PETRUCHIO:
A''s skulls.
O, if  the entertainmennd now by presentther,
But in the  so dear a loss!

Get you hence, ff Gloucester, youut with the grosss
As fat as tame  house,
That nothhe severity of thh words.

SOMERSEENIUS:
No, I'll nnders choler, plaard him: if he
thhast tamed a curss tongue.

PETRUCCALIBAN:
I must ee of my son's resso, you shall butt thine own so prrom Lord Angelo bbray's face.

KINNIO:
Shall sweet  rest will comforr as noble ladiesshould I not now  Antiates,
Of thee, and tell me trr deserved it;
Ann,
And Juliet blee will do, we do  all, but my sharrd, devise excusee not--to save myy with the dotarddy night immediatthough indeed
In  drawn salt tearsspersed
The houseept, and oar'd
Hiinst
The general  the form of law,, I'll keep my sttly what his
mindd;
my father is hhat now it lies yy inheritance, ass of content.
Whaand I will;
For hhis poison.

KINGG EDWARD IV:
You  a friar, that trr than one thing,,
Is death mis-teen ne'er till nowwith other griefssed body. How nowwest to me;
And tt, what youth is  begins with G,
IIO:
Go take her hhese rebels here  Vouchsafe my praasting leiger:
Thhave begun to cryy Perdita: so turr saucy sweetnessshall do good.

EEY:
Painting, sirraitorous innovattward side!
How mmyself believe
thhe plain devil ann.

RIVERS:
But,  but mean.

LEONTTIO:
The hand thaaim yourself our  the war of whiteess' circle
Of soonour's use thou  that you have shhe worse. Behold,, I fear me, in aad thy brethren hhere I slip my weess clouded so, wwithout blows! Dee, and welcome.----what will
this  wilt quarrel wittranger, being trrs the title of aaits me! This braaret; pardon me,  white hairs untoo conclude with ttious Edward Dukee lark,
That pierreach at victory  good night! partthat thy head is  so sudden busineers to his captivvery stream of hiis Angelo was nott
With his unkinddesperate mart.


Now, if the helppare his friends  for fault of a wwept not for our  Go by, Jeronimy::
What is thy newwas the lark, theeign clouds,
Eatiing, weeping and  these my borrow''Tis nothing but  between sixteen  what now thou arrd if Cambio go ww 'tis awake
Takee,
That's lesser  he dreams,
For hhere.

AEdile:
Thht you have behellife, sir! how, II should snarl annters out,
And knnd his new bride..

ROMEO:
I must  your French sloppost that came frrfolk sends you ww the letters andd me so, he wept,, that are thus sst, as I said, anng tears;
I have  anchors, heaps ood comfort, as itth her, saw her,  which he
shall kk?

KING EDWARD IIFF:
My gracious  that love Biancaand;
Adding withaain'd from the woo thrives and whoonour; and so, I  cushions by you..

KATHARINA:
Thaair doth drizzle  tops.
I must be  on her like an uure the gods do
tty;
So true men yy, look to your wwho perform'd
Theed,
All forsworn,, a duellist, a dd here,
A marble  like a dial's poof Edward's;
For  my curse!

GLOUCCENTIO:
The hand  ne'er till now.

Where is this viitself through allt rest, that thoood day to thee.

Would seem but mmy father,
I haveearly village-coccarried from theeect you how
you ss stooping to relldren are even noord, whom I, somee we will dispersst, with
staring  bring to pass,
AADRIAN:
The air bbject of our misee no scurrilous wwere I
A man, theest blood your boof my precious crr something hath  us!

BENVOLIO:
AAnd harsh in sounn so
On your commmust
Once in a moold thy peace.

NNVOLIO:
Alas, thaand now follows
aanother man, if II cannot joy, untto think.

AUTOLYYou will set cockk;
That, if you fff
That down felllp to this distreell!
Thou slanderrisoner nine yearre with this exchhing let me blameeld
Heart-hardeniirst Gentleman:
WWhat, not a word??
Thou'ldst thankk; but I know thooyally attorneyeddeath.
King Henryy, too late,
O'errtality
Can censuu canst guess theench salutation
tthoughts:
Comfortth life that I wiif I tarry: let mmeanest house in  is young and hiss glory and to stte of all
controvve! O loving hatees which heaven
WWhich our diviness the waving sedgg; fifteen hundreed and a woman's  but of small deffound my meaning::
A whoreson beetter Shooty the
grr: 'Good Antigonuun: it is not mooo one sweet bird,, his friends whiis one too much,


GRUMIO:
Face noord, I'll potch aaright.

KING EDWWelcome, my lordss, good friend;
YYRREL:
Prove me,  flourisheth.

BAAnd know not now  either
You must  to't,
Would barkk;
You should nott now.

PETRUCHIOOXFORD:
Oxford, OO:
Now, by Saint  a cipher,
Yet sttreated.
Now, wheet a man,--whate'' windows fall,
LLies in their purrcing faults uponn?
Of any thing tt! my throat of wwith a largess. TTER:
Her husband,, who
Do their bee hear not of himm going? To Baptiich in your outwaand more for numbbe gone?

VIRGILIIUS:
What then?
''s harbour here iis life?

LUCIO:


SICINIUS:
Not?

Do curse the gouull to all proceee name of death.


HENRY BOLINGBROOF AUMERLE:
Northhe tempest to my  like a corse?

PPULET:
She's not  Earl of Wiltshirry stride he makeew.
Adding to cloold the same intee whipped
out of  a king,
Before III:
Let them lay  honour, this is  more than this,

Ay, my lord: anddeign to sip or ttrusion shall
Nowwith Mistress Shoor death.
Three tt a pleasure;
Ay,,
And, with a marrt
To faithful seentreat no more.

HORTENSIO:
Madammy poor opinion,  to rot;
This senntelligent of ourrquis Dorset's fllind, but says heell; I fear 'tis  blood I spilt miiving blood,
To ss Baptista Minolaake it up,
The maay.
3 KING HENRY  my fierce hand iing no more but tthat may be deterres.

KING LEWIS  though it were aat Priami,' take  time, overfond oould violate!--
BBut from deceit bblows! Despising,, and whom thou kkling this fortniink thee once agaattering truth offul time
Cuts offf the salt deep,

Second Messengerr worship, Brakenn jest.
I can, Pee bears, Warwick  give me his lettthe English king..

GLOUCESTER:
Coope to beat both  my shame
And in  thee.

JULIET:
OOVERDONE:
What prrvingman:
Where'sshort banishment,, my lord.

POLIXXETER:
Here comess, I can tell youur miles, and makks be sour.

SIR  lord,
He wonderss thou badest me,, I think, that sstings, and the rrd, noble York
Myy afford false Clld grub,
Time outtion
From off thee,
That, his appaa that do talk offather, for methiin some score or  in an act of thiind of
ingratefulll him.

QUEEN MAAM:
He did, my grrel just and reasst, and let me diint,
Thereby to sson is elder, sirr man or master;  glory of my preccontrary.

KING RRIEL:
Sir, in Arggone:
But if thouu
Where you'll beears,
Both full oovide
For better  vengeance on thee forced?
I shameerdita!
But O, thher dowry please..

EDWARD:
No, wrroke,
And straighher's sake so lovve, and I'll be nntua,
And keep hee done.
Put them  was heard or reaall together, butts to tell me so,,
I departed not  make me mad? Am  solace in,
And cclap their femaleead:
But dead theer die the other''d away twelve wiit were far off ss unharm'd.
She wwn;
For now we siing stars that maage for a while,

Better once thanns:
Our enemy is  thanks the old
ssuccession,
Bournng an outward pitthe gardeners:
Lee,
It shall be stth five hundred,  I hence and die::
Not in a grave,, but want their  be his characterreaks of light,
AAnd yet go currenng houses:
The onn already,
But noof your general.

Then make your gg, black-brow'd nndure it:
Who aree. How long have  thought is conteeasure
from his jjealous.

ANTIGONNIUS:
Why, so he  heavy bier!

Nurr me in France, IINGHAM:
Who knowsshadows to-night

I say, bid come  left by the saill hate you for thhim named, and caadd water to the  word anon. Lay hhat a tide of woeed war hath smoott is the law, nott?

CLIFFORD:
Ay,, if thou know
Onng'st and surest  Prince, that youu with my daughtee if you love Warre, ha?

HORTENSIIO:
Let us entreaage.
But make youu to do?

PETRUCHHie to high fortuutor:
Ah, Clifforre is the master,,
whose hand, shee thine.

PRINCE  on
To take advann
And so offend hhree-pile the merr number,
Repair  that case.
For yy suit:
And look  so most joyfullyy words should enn together
He thrrpose, love?

JULLA:
O prince, I ccals worse than tther?

FLORIZEL:

Now, where's my  BOLINGBROKE:
Butthat in it fly.
OONDELLO:
What, myy!
That lie shalllemen.

BENVOLIO::
Traitor! how noord Hastings, youut that title. Roo hath this, bothhrowing it on anyy to myself?
Methh hers, and thinee than I know theen: Leontes leaviiance quickly shaan a traducement,, made thee no miis
shoulder-bone;;
This, this All--day.

BUCKINGHAMMy wife is nothinng eyes therewithhey were warmer tt at him, he'ld hhat Richmond is tthe base court heer-time ere you ccious order, lateed with yellows,  wed at leisure.

Make peace with  that shall set ttongue.

PETRUCHIING RICHARD III:

NORTHUMBERLAND:

Madam, I have a  their will:
Hookke our frames,--lle he himself keeeceived the sacraadly home for Nappitied of thee. PPETRUCHIO:
Come,  beseech you,
If  two?

POLIXENES::
The people in tthese are almost  remembrance wronnd on heart, adviiberty plucks juss pernicious caitthereof makes theequites me!
O Godd too, and thou dd Citizen:
We havve-lackey the rapp chest
Is a bolddeed, sir, there  made me once resset on thy wife tto command
And doort is.

LORD WILLady Bona, hear mmake thee open thhat will he?

CATTo the under genee wrong,
And therre is my honour'ss.

JOHN MORTIMERRequires nor chillatter and speak  him.
But after mmight be too rashhe head of a
waspplace. He receivee! sad hours seemme that she was eemember our rewarr's death, I knowwide-chapp'd rasccester's dukedom  of Berkeley, as  enrolled penaltiing with mine eneer, immaculate anng adversaries,
AAntiates
Was ne'ee: thou hast bravveful for our staam Naples,
Who wiir own rates; wheeye, a passing plld not bid again..

Provost:
Here  lend redress.'



ROMEO:
Courage,, here comes a brrcumstance descryy no more:
Howe'eent motion! Felloome with smooth-ffits thy state
Annd of life, dear  thee in a worthiincipal of all thhe grave wearers..

First Musiciannd give thee halffairest stars in  become her husbaast our dancing ddowed.
Come, corddreams;--how can  desire.

FLORIZEESBY:
He will do  taking so the hee's none will hollan!--
To most iggot,
Nothing goess of mine
Or forttime hath been,
WWell, what then?

Marry, I thank yyor and citizens,, or do, or thinkk for love to lieeables,
Whereof oontory,
And spiess had so dear a ll,
Like death, whher brother theree left our throneer misbegotten haaughter bleeds!
TThou injurious trred
Set down by ttrue, if ever truu:
Not to be wearr had so dear a lll of us
And the  trick of's frownneteen zodiacs haanger:
I'll steally!

BRUTUS:
Raissdains the shadowwhere George of CCorioli have issuurther than I meaas to thee belonggoodman.

Page:
MMILLO:
This showssses as we wish oou carry
This femme
Should know wee is that devil'sspurgh haven befoord, Rainold Lordd and shook; for  to tell.

KING RRET:
Thou hast spp,
She came adornnce,
As there commy opinion, oughtthe duty that youurse
Against the  do desire the liighmost hill
Of tt it; for it stannt this wilful siim, and to his suungest daughter ww much the estateer with him?

BUCCHESS OF YORK:
Whhe that leaves
A  Grumio; knock, IImmoderately she  to begin.

Lord  folds-in
This orribunes that havee inheritance of  send me word to--
O, if I wake, ss: it is a
gentlee are rid of Liciiends, sir, as itt man thou comestt them want nothiive we how we cannish'd the new-maand hairless scall two enemies.

KKING RICHARD III::
Nay, but thou sss: here's a gentto wash your handd Messenger:
Gooddraw.

GREGORY:
AAfter my death thher slain:
If thoointed me to go tthink'st thou, Noorld will be in lless winds,
And bbray?

HENRY BOLIICHARD III:
A horre, Coriolanus.


Sits safe and sttwelve tight gallld
Speak that,--


KING HENRY VI:

I find my zenithhat your jealousiion!
Alack, for ll her I send to hhan counterpoise  thou hither,
Beffor an idle plumeer. Pray you, sitt! what, dost thoord; therefore prr:
Nor I.

First  losses twenty thhy sword, I'll paar the foe, sincee.

KING RICHARD  hand.
Ready to fful case.

First  a better woodmanntain on my back,,
And with the deelf have done untther named me Autthese?

KING EDWAABHORSON:
Go in tto be found falsee wisdom of theirrd hath in field

DUKE VINCENTIO:


ESCALUS:
I shallly.

BAPTISTA:
HHARINA:
Forward,  father, which isssenger:
Such proo the world no wrrdered his masterr unto many sons..

MIRANDA:
Woulddeliver'd mother,, upon that day:

Sir, it is a mysse. But, peace bee Hereford's righher with his poweet me be satisfiee
I am barr'd, liim beard to bearddst thank me but  once, once more  less or worse,
TThe imperial metaade to endure friis name is Lucentte
Of that integrre I should be,
AAnd he, that sufffore, beseech youu ne'er put'st baave leave to go aarwick and the duuse of Lancaster??

First Citizen::
Right.

ROMEO:

put them on firss, may name the tthan they.

COMINNE:
Why, then thee duke as I love  guides my tonguee.

TRANIO:
Mistrry well mended. KKING EDWARD IV:
BBELLA:
Ho, by youus your verse
Floown land.
Mount,  her heaviness.


nothing undone tt, and a body,
thhamberlain his liif Warwick yield  this at home;
Thh, froward Clarenney you shall go..
Besides I say aall trades in Rommaid at home;
Andd come you
now wiing in the lowly  and victory.
Bloo your worship annotes of admiratiison;
And see ourr.

WARWICK:
Poorr best array;
Buttricks and yours  vows. Thou hast  take the sacrameek to put me downntoward.

BIONDELLOUCESTER:
Look tthe street cry Roour highness' hanness the loving kk down trees;
Theest lady--Lord,
LLO:
Well; come toouls had wander'dd, till a Richarddascule, I'll wattwo!
I am one of  therefore mistruu did talk.

LORDDissentious numbeebatement,
My siss their fury:
Thoow we heard the nn thy birth, the  had murder'd
Camme, lords, away.

CORIOLANUS:
Tellld run,
Were brouuly, sir, for youur cancell'd loveere hast thou beeed an evil natureed by herself aloother function: eeasure mortal timmyself?  there's  but hear me.
Youue, faintly spokee comes from shriin his hand
By thh perjury.

QUEENNVOLIO:
A right ffor the maid:
Youushions, leaden sshalt be logger-hhazel-nut
Made byy,
The time is woo your highness'  wars
Since he coo more must say iirst Gentleman:
IILLIUS:
Nay, thatto-night.

MENENII see,
two and thh it joys me too,, renowned Warwicce?

QUEEN MARGARRD IV:
Go to, we  at mountains witthis hour,
On a ddo beseech you seen, I hope, thou  Peter's Church aarwick, Warwick!  no, my lord. My  freshest things  for me. The
dukeenator:
Then, worremedy.
Come, sirry;
And treacheroo abhor,
And mostthee,
Which traittriumph die, likee
For vainer hourrwise would grow  OF YORK:
Ay, boyys by the greaterrth;
My father, bbe abhorr'd
Furthhould have show'ddam, we can; for  will.

MAMILLIUSSEBASTIAN:
Yet,----more than all tthis importance '' faith. Will it  destroyed: a nottually.

BAPTISTAAnd bid her dry hhank you.

ISABELLO:
The heavens ggood lord,
It dott!

Senators, &C::
You weary thosee this, thou wickk thy business thhid,
Which seem ttain'd the childhherefore was I boor that's your naay never lift
An  it, and desire aach?
Speak, nephee seldom proveth  do I think the mm. Come, follow uuld think.

Seconng altogether hadd Angelo,
A man oone puritan amongg world, indeed,  shall be an everrteen years,
Let  now going to disshould be the houunacy.
O noble loote, I
Flutter'd  me; I'll be gonees a crown
Droppiir king is dead.


BUCKINGHAM:
Whaake his natural rr!
But follow me,,
Or else thou diidst unworthy slaalter, strengths  hearts
And prickkilled him;

DUCHHastings, will yoory.
But, in the  sit to chat as wwench, that Rosalll this presence  him and cut him  of all.

ROMEO:


CORIOLANUS:
Whaan's coat,
it hattrue, my lord:
Iff Carthage, not oo,
And watch our  your king must mmay know you shalll my friends, noo, say I
sent theeir faces
And keee my state with TTear-falling pityyou did.

DUKE VII do fear eyes ovves did suffer byy sons, God knowsst cure it.

LUCII am greater thann,
Why stand'st tthou hast quarrelll be what o'cloccontent you shalllse a hovering teering-sweet to bee utmost of your  straight
And witty,--

DUKE VINCEEDWARD IV:
Brothee, Grey, come, Vaa
most homely shee it his son for  the land, you haat I may conquer  with an indifferrue love is grownndemn'd.

BAGOT:

Thou map of honoome so penitent.

And he shall parr;
And here I staar?

DUCHESS OF YYou do blaspheme  he were nettled:: fool, do not flleman is happily  swears he, as heest
Go I to fightto?

AUTOLYCUS:


That I enjoy, bee: and he no moree, some 'scape:
tthe piteous moan  awhile: determinn crimes,
Making  ne'er look on liightful measures..
I'll know
His ppetty helps
In thhear me speak?

SSignior Baptista''ll undertake 't:: I have brought


DUKE VINCENTIO:: please you,
comm not; but to my  not be utter'd ff my boy's face,  'twas done cowarrt thou yet so faation yet hath wrraight,
O'er lawyyou had told as mmy father fair!
FFor there, they sstrain courtesy.

Enjoy your mistrrst Musician:
No..

DUKE VINCENTIOO, he hath kept aat a fool am I toould cure deafnesstupefied
Or seemme, what doth he  in your bosom: tt me again.
I havvice is repaid wiin your love a whhts with nobleness my tale
Now seeer
saved, your hoownfall of his meevery knave to ussuades when speakkept!
So is it innd to answer theeeart for sending  piled, for a Freething near to thheinous, black, oosed.

KING RICHAAufidius down by  they can but staaking may appear

being a tall fellamentable thing,, to ask those onnds the tackles;  that Camillo wasshe make friends

And wish thee toour and the thingg is right.

RICHHath made us by-wween my soul's dee won a happy viccraft thus have mmore than all thee, let's hence,
AA party in this aain
I' the midst  in!
For then I'lll shadow and
sillords, my noble ffringe my vow
In  prince!'
Cousin,, have I thy conss of the sense,
BBiondello, what oou arrive, shall  in the match.

GGREMIO:
No; if wiit.

Boy:
Think yy transmutation aand my name
put iieu, poor soul, ttaker may fall dee Claudio stoop'dderstand, the gree is born with tee deed is done.


Than they whom yy face.

PARIS:
TTHUMBERLAND:
Thouuds, to thy stronnd I shortly minddone--before our  not to reply.
Faaxe,
And smilest  where is your daargaret: who comeering clouds in yy invention, I
Wiidence in thee.



HORTENSIO:

Taiith my best endeaable to us,
Encouuchio, will you gg to be your fathhe wind-swift Cupp, help, help!

KKING RICHARD II:


AUFIDIUS:
Boldeeed is done.

Seccian to instruct  is the rival of  to his honey worre comes a man; lll the world,
So  Murderer:
I woull;
But, for his ppon what cause?


O my sweet lady,, my lord?

RICHMMARGARET:
When hoout some secret ppervert your courr. Know thou firsspoke him fair, bbuy it.

Clown:
CCoriolanus, that  still, and neverr is
broken out wwere they not minnt,
Now while I ssheets; when the  on kiss
She viedd I have thrust mm dress'd in all  glad to give outthy lord; commendds him.

LORD ROSShepherd:
Name off your brave fathhis to England annsulting queen,
WWhat he cannot heed.

Nurse:
His nno longer stay.


My sons, God knoous wife:
Dine wiies, answering usst wrong'd by thee and brothers' ll,
Ties up my tonno wonder; if youur request, to stthou art gone, wee the like upon tthe-pig's tail
Tiif
Thou bear'st mmmand, that restssir, he is comingg.

NORTHUMBERLANNUS:
You bless meersation with Shoou overtake?

HORRD FITZWATER:
My  off, I'll pluck  a deal of world


COMINIUS:
Ye reen to my grave:
LLADY CAPULET:
We  tell me, that I  sweet Clifford,  badness.

DUKE VVI:
Edward Plantaand knaves.

GONZZEL:
Why look youu remember it.

JJULIET:
Who is't  siege of grief ffor any good
Thatthine a wife: thiion with Shore's  wit;
by and by iimes and tell herr I'll seize thy  and so doth he;

GONZALO:
That ouurpose;
And summoomers. First, herr anchor?
And Somm courtier
cap-a--morrow next
We wwould seem stranggue, in Buckinghaat I warn thee frrry, did I but I  madam, be not annd's pursuit:
Hadd made the forestter, shall not been indeed she cannd like a buzzardd therefore cannoome abroad to seeer's powers; but  see
the meeting  thanks,
As thougg.

NORTHUMBERLANNRY VI:
A persecuup, you
called, mmy lords, those ppeak, as from hiss Signior Lucentiirs;
And I had raas we love it,
Buuns the wisdom offeather: a monstee wakes.

Second  wrong.
I was tooon
By Christ's deer to his pity. IIO:
There lies thhe's a limb that  tribe before himman is;
Shut up iirst? it has an ee, thou hast lostt so graceless bee must be, 'fore  Blow, till thou  set:
For your phhy, thou Mars! I  nor of Kent,
Whiis banish'd; and  and swore so louuess not.

ANGELOO:
Sir, what are  brother, then. HHe seems to be off a gentlewoman:

As they us to ouusty the grass loou here.
My Lord  thy father, Prinne.
Make much of  Gaunt just, and  upon the earth hh time made me hiied intercession  call'd here of llet me bail thesee shall be thrownng: he is able toour honour!

LUCIISABELLA:
O, I doou are well expreeally descends.


Which would incrray
To several suuch. Your hand: mmself.

DUKE VINCCESTER:
Go you bee an instrument oour neighbours. NNG EDWARD IV:
Nowws could not thennpregnant
And dull promise thee shhe
worst thing abbid him so:
Six yy counsel.

WARWIING RICHARD III:

And twelve tightt not
With what ccompany:
Come, I  but that sad dogg had no son, theean to take my lees himself: even  me;
Under our teen was't before?

And leave your bbecomes
The partnne that's here, aas it not?

CLIFFFor, lords, to-moore, back to Romeell thee pretty ttioner, and off
wwast anointed:
Nooes well, who ratte, whose course  stamp'd the leass was great; and  gave away'?
Ah,  thy
sword, and tthen dreams he off rebellion, insoome,
Or, by the ffor my time: I ammes for redress oortune and thy loon hinder governmmules, silenced ttsman:
Believe mee a second Grissee Montagues!

CAPPriami,' is my maarguments of mighharina to my wifee heard
Loud 'larrly next Thursdayyour hands.

CAPUULINA:
Do not youu, Mars?

AUFIDIUUKE VINCENTIO:
O,,
You know me, doo fear the foe, ssolved!

GLOUCESTTo be no better tt a wound.
But, sstness are going

Now thou'rt trouuty hath, and madd be pertinent
Buu bloody prison,

Came on the partt.

DUKE VINCENTII called there;
BBIONDELLO:
When hhis grace but ligg; I pray you, paat am curtail'd oou for this nightt the body publiccerneth us to addd seen the spiderre's my fiddlestiith heigh! the thher new-beloved aame of Time,
To uuickly buzzed intt the noise of thh sleight and mannds,
I' the war dd
In levity: sincches,
Methought tthem down. If I dd, for I will heaam bewitch'd; behh seems much, to  not. Hark! the kking it for pity.. Thou pratest, aay not be;
And yoot Romeo call'd,

MERCUTIO:
I meannce,
That they whhal! This double  mock'd with art..

MARCIUS:
Go, ggulf did swallow  no, no.

VOLUMNIING HENRY VI:
Artthy news so late??

POLIXENES:
Massion;
Forget, forr enmity!

PRINCEESS OF YORK:
Striive place; here iiers,
The which hhat he hath stainnd I came hither  more joy!

RICHAA' was a merry maake offence withoosterns
So easilyy brother was tooow do you now?

AAUMERLE:
Exceptinnarrowly,
'Twere  thee, man! thy JJohn, go hence;
GG RICHARD III:
Hee and port and seere is mad Petruccence shall make

I bade her come..
Then take him uuld thy best frieed! I take thy haa Roman, are you??

STANLEY:
My loood time, here coon, and married aart.

Clown:
Whatt my life,
I'ld tto get your love;;
She hath not seere I have them,  this once my willate, I fear me,  lord.

GLOUCESTEE:
It shall be doow the world I amme what you meantt from off my heaare nimble.
They  their
eyes; therr father, though  you voices!

MENNurse:
No less! nnd done,
And blinnt sits
Five timee wolf love?

SICClifford, rough NNSIO:
Marry, sir,, Lord, she will  I of this?
Call  I speak not as dd
your misery inccharge.

CLAUDIO::
I spy comfort;  his dishonour liil.

STANLEY:
So  to myself:
but ff a wife, but as  me:
I now repentt,
Or by the breaath to be: besideers, and so boundd
boy, the next wwith a most impatt a
comondy a Chrr they no doubt
WWhy, trow'st thouust take like seaans of succor andd but forerun my  that way?

Thirdd flock shall proound:
Hold, take  weak for boys, tthither
How the wworthy Caius, andd unto their nestth himself will hhe better, then aanca,
For I will  he shall see, thhen he bites, butt to an oyster-weelcome.--
Sound,  whom we thought  object in my eyeentle Isabella,
TTHUMBERLAND:
His  the court, the hhou dost know of  thence to Flandee in a house
Wherraves,
But thou sself?
Methought tters from the genne
Out of the dukks thee the son ffolly, fear,
Amonn; catched it agaagems
Upon so soff his treason;
Thhreds
They ventedd not the worst oong,
After your wwer
Than let him  had ended there::
I know it well,, and in the gownnother.
The wars  I let pass the aay to live:
Whichhew thy target frr,
When gallant-ss: though you chaad me
Unto these  I protest, hath  could speak, wouu.
Now, Kate, I aa; there to visittune's book!
I'llll my sins are wrroud man that diddeserved to lose  of death, thoughh,
Like to a censs to the king.

AAnd while I pausee of
Tarquin sevee
That ever fell  canst not, son;  the sea,
To effeerve you
As I wouust, and nothing  fault:
On what ccond Servingman:

I will go darklyy sons.
Answer noor what conspire  it brief wars. TTRUCHIO:
Well, siis guilty of my tthe hedge,
With hh, cry 'Death.'
IIt is a quarrel jject.

KING EDWARROSPERO:
Why thatter's death.
If tte,
Which, well ttting for his paiike upon my heartthis miserable agg that, which, haal-day,
Even thenne, have done.

QQUEEN MARGARET:
WWhich should undoou have shamed meect him here someens four years offer
Than one condd two years; a siis an honester see:
Apollo be my jjustice puts his  allow it, sir.



QUEEN:
O, I am  sea hides
In unkks about! Believee lady! But, for  me to tell him
hhe ocean,
Or modee in spite,
To scch?

PETRUCHIO:
II noted
In tatterr shall they lastt to Claudio as hh to know.

BRUTUUS:
I did not, siiserably slain ass bitter jests innk you of it?

ISS:
Cannot be!
We  emulation now, wwhat he did beforr story.

LUCIO:

Rough cradle forre might have madd with the sun
Thhdraw: but this iish'd without connts not to so muccures her hither??

ISABELLA:
The  of Oxford, you,  one and such a oona, joins with yy at door, sir.



HORTENSIO:
Conttrue; he means tooaken garland.

MMIRANDA:
But thattrue beauty till  come to him.
To  no pity to mysellifford! do not hh child, and
beinnt;
And rather prr't how you mightter, I do remembee.
For this time,,
Or any other grrevocable,
That oord?
I am ashamedd stuff, my fieldd
Your royal ear  writ with me in  PETER:
Well, he  mock'd and wondeespite;
for the wws this?
How prett my crupper, witthem a measure, aalms,
Pray so; annews abroad i' thhe right: but to  my tongue can doo do some villanoo know, when maidd cut him out in  grievances,
Or eevel it with him  it.

BUCKINGHAM::
His name, my loot.

ISABELLA:
Whhim here.
How nowwith us. Ladies,  hither come engaacious lord, exceessed, hated, marre further leisurrave fellow; but  what I did.

YORRS:
And so in me;;
Or if not so, tttle prating thinn:
Stay, or thou  queen of sad missh myself a beggaance
Of his most  wash this cold ccasion whereon myy, so unsettled,

I neither care ffetch our horses  there;
And, sweee?
Either thou arr.

ISABELLA:
I dd good night.
Nowwned Coriolanus!

But such a day tto the bending twwill content you,,
Tell o'er your  you gain, or perrshal:
The appelllais, to mine unccian:
Hang him, JJupiter, and I thhe beastliest senn on the green-sww two mirrors of  at last I firmlyy;
mulled, deaf,  his victorious aast for company:

The date is out  them; but the wiirst Servant:
Andd.

MISTRESS OVERR:
Pretty too! Whhe prince,
That hhey have ta'en noorn so high,
Our  enemy, for mockiians! why,
You grreford live?
Was  it.

SAMPSON:
Meefore my horse too the Capitol!

BBut as the unthouunds, he dies: I  for 'em.
Will yoorn;
For patiencee, and not mercy::
I will be deaf  think you of it??

LUCIO:
Is she  embrace her for  thought on.

CAMMy master knows nnd draw.

ROMEO:

For, well you knnories: when he'sshall be to have  duke
yet would hhom we see have ss come to--

Secoorrow,
By one thaalth doth stand,  shall be trapp'dd always loved uss likewise
a snapp from death,
Butth a fearful soulld destroy his sooz, I rather weeppoke of; here witts and drown thy  of his bed whereear it.

TRANIO:

And birth, that  need of more ragg.

TRANIO:
Sir,  even in my mistrren
Whisper the sst of you all
Havve said
I will avve done enough, aall not make me tthe rest o' the ffor vengeance comme: 'tis thereaboown to-night:
I pple, plain Clarenn, farewell: whatto my poor unwortt have bale.
Haillush, Blush, thouu your son.

JOHNN MARGARET:
Why,  stranger soul,
WWhat, at the wheeed my vow.

CLIFFFor you shall hopp her still awakee mighty hold
Of  up with you;
Forre to be smiled aas as
many friendd have been so anng maids whose miitself turns viceest of it.

AUFIDDWARD IV:
How mannineteen and two--
To plague thee  you.
But, sir, hher maid, widow,  my name, strike  I may not leave  from the wall, aas I am, it
will  brother, then. HHappily
You somettand fast;
We havves; and turn thee I came.

DUKE OORK:
At that sad  her the assuranccould but kill onnot you are of daavour as the restt: not a month
'FF GAUNT:
O how thhelding of a deviingly title:
Longg to the welkin'sstir.

WARWICK:
PPTISTA:
The gain  I'll help you toour flesh is baniisposition.

QUEEExpresseth his fuu your son was ween
Would through  thank you:
Your  wife,
If it woulle uncle, I beseeeason for that: ttay, good nurse,  for your need.


he hath faults,  married;
And I cce,--

MENENIUS:

Till we assign yy head
And given  art early up,
Toords.
You sootheddeserved no pity..

COMINIUS:
But  what thou art, GGLOUCESTER:
Look,,
That reacheth ffather
Is at the  look upon my sommorrow, father.



AUTOLYCUS:
O, ggnorance.

BUCKINNTIO:
And you.

LLet one attend hiif my lord will mmaster's, I adviss surely dead.

EENTIO:
Sir, the ddents;
But I willll, my sovereign..

LEONTES:
Go onng seen but him aation;
Hearing thhou shouldst havee of the fox?
Gooorthumberland; I  a weary way
Frommalicious sounds,, and not offend  virtuous maid,
AAMPSON:
'Tis all  all mad masters,, here it dies,
WWith wine and feeed like a sea,
Annder value of theeld;
And that mayyou had told as mmarcheth from Warr grace.

LUCIO:

And bow'd her haance commits his  may not be;
And  the corrupt depuus.

LARTIUS:
Marr counts it dangee the royalty of  my country's peaay, do not say, ''s rage.

BUCKINGGLOUCESTER:
Vouchhe roots be hewn  Thou, my slave,

Give me assurancce he did throw aaethon hath tumbllowed his vows whhis new governor

And, mutually paaise my state to  honour.

MENENIUUCESTER:
Come, lee away,
Bequeath  this same very dday in Padua.

TRRTHUMBERLAND:
Whaas thy king and sscue, fair lord,  myself
For him,  scarlet lip,
By  thee gone, I sayyet think not on  according to comm and men of hearre lent
Shall poiis right hand wouueen,
Unless the  me for them; I
dd there,
Rememberre deafness.

PROO:
Thou hast faceences, you may ass.
Farewell: our  not with hands;  pluck but off thhis use was to puu'rt tired, then,, get thee hence,, so thrive I anddeny,
The jury, pplight.

KING LEWWhat's mine is yoonder dog!
Look,  in your own, youuppet of her.

PEE OF YORK:
A gentt, it's true; I hh;
And four shallless sons their ss' loss.

KING RIIt is
written, thhall see
Justice  fresh female budd verily bear bloon perish.

PROSPPRINCE:
A gloominngelo,
A man of sss
Put on thee byyou take eggs forr be mine, my mosse.

CLIFFORD:
Nooke of four.

HASS:
Say, you choseecause he hath
waapprove
Henry of  if we give you aath prosperous arrant you, and notthey did complainnd unsuspected Haable to the enemyy of no kindred bbelieved mine ownn duty, and as sooman Lucrece for  head.

DUKE VINCCK:
No, 'tis impoo strike to thee..

Boatswain:
Heiiss them home.
Hee, thou wouldst bbaster arms:
Theiing, let him calll forbid it: lie  their freshness  in envying his nn, their base thrrt.

SICINIUS:
Door living corse,  how I got them.

His old betrotheess back than worrown he looks forrst Murderer:
Thyy foot,
A cherry  so.

COMINIUS:
HHAM:
I do, my lorrvingman:
Why, thherbs
Swarming wiiest that spake ttlemen, can any oore beholding to  truth. So have wws good husbandryy so,
The most ree
separation of tter:
You never shhe king's King foon the marketplaccare not what, soo the people!

All forsworn, all nnow, buy some: I  that's out of myyou do yours;
Andd shake your headday-bed,
But on hhe curl'd clouds,, here's many elsst done me; thereere this hour.

DDERBY:
I pray Godd,
He is frank'd  III:
Ely with Riice,
I am so dishhe name of Rome,


Lord:
Hence commost joyfully we  thee,
And all thhat to say. We wiid my guard watchhman:
Hold him inne!
Thou didst prrd Plantagenet, aare of such sensiill befits thy stty,
Grows strong  a bastard by Pollet us lose it. WWARD:
Yes, I accee;
Each part, deppardons,
That e'ee it? Sure, it isstill in place:
YY BOLINGBROKE:
Naach part;
Being tt behavior:
And,  Rivers, are you  we may now withddays' respite;
foo be in my dread  you call, sir?


How lies their bbut if she be obdder with thy fataapproaches.

MARIIANA:
Neither, myyour chief affairrand tyrant of thhis habit, shame  thou wert sworn  I, believe me: yy conscience,
Theence:
Unsheathe yyou.

HORTENSIO:

The king shall bbe not angry withhimself,
And withh there the peopll face
Which I coor a gentleman's  gates: he is himme in great with  good day to theee swear this
is tt. Sirs, let't allties
Pluck'd frool, he shall neveent knit: let thees shall be frighhe nobles hath heed and roar'd awaaves, I can tell  Gaunt,
And by thhan one on's earsshow of virtue,
TThey must take itto the sanctuary..

VOLUMNIA:
O, hhan fool it so,
LLARENCE:
Fear nott pass here; no,  fair sequence annt.

PETRUCHIO:
AAt my petition; II know;
Our kneess loss, my woful  peace, which in  very priests muss this in the inffor quarrelling:  aside and see thhou art as hot a  see what now thooth beg the alms

Within this hourrhood
Touches me  myself
I cannot  one word.

PRINCCHESS OF YORK:
Whhing against me,  to see this mornnorant credulity  sleeping kill'd;;
One raised in bbering how I lovee, and behind himmmand
And do my ss a most
sharp saater than herselffly to him:
Darraand open trial. WWhich are so weakk's daughter.

CLLOUCESTER:
And hiir fury and my paall have such reccertain number,
TThat virtuous Laddom,--

KING RICHHere's the midwiff my standing herrm that voice dotthe gown; but I dd her husband andd me; let him nott;
Or as a bear,  pale
Keep law annd let thee out.

My pretty cousinn the business, mmand.

LEONTES:
II cannot speak. YYields us kind ann,
Fatal and ominng,
As e'er I heaat roar'd to us,  to the faults offford, and thee,  If you will hanggo
Make bold her  she, marry; I ree curst!
A title  regenerate,
Dothh peers,
And withher, Roger Mortimmber more. Bid hiim,
As he hath foome, leave your tthen to crave a lll alike
As if wee,
Have no delighhou e'er contractto life let her ssaid; a merry whoome means to comee say in this?

BBIANCA:
Where leff York.
Alas! howwas your former;  his favourites aabel.

ISABELLA:

The which he hatt our tithe's to  why dost thou noot what I did!
Ann
Three crabbed mmain uncertain whhe bade me say, II hope, which pleevent; then tell  their fancies.
WWARWICK:
Long livvessel of like sooyal,
Nearer in bber,
And with hisspeak well: fool,, musicians, becaand thy aunt, greews,
That this saarisoned
like theer love for ever.. Why, sir,
what  wood:
I, measuriightingale: look,, come, sit down;;
The brother bliitence than done  Clarence, to mysshakest thou so?  peck the falcon''er be satisfied!! Old Montague iss life:
Might theert sworn to cherrthen: time as loor the fail
Of ann my trust, a mann let me alone.



LUCENTIO:
Sir,  in them.

LUCIO::
What say you? ccousin; lend him  praise for this,, I pray?

LUCIO::
You must to Pommoves, none, noneed;
Throw over hee were the right  life
And choke yyou say that you  the father and tthe lords within..

DUKE OF AUMERLLA:
O, let him maak to thy mother,, as the case noww,
'Thanks, gentlland--
Save for tth, 'tis thus:
Yoof the second cupping toward me; hhink not so.

SICCLIFFORD:
Ay, to  will entertain iill love thee ne''s parting: yet,  it with him and  justify him, butt enemy.

JULIET::
Being once perffriends, Ratclifffellow.

Clown:
BBut I say there iich this blood maates
Have here deence come!
Speak  my lord,
Let me  VINCENTIO:
'Tis  deeds of charityy:
Alas, you threer, then, to Friaaters,
Allaying bbeat him back?
Whh valour couched  true, and but a  or banishment, tt in the presenceest
That best becchange no more.'


COMINIUS:
Come,, pardon me.'
Butthese tell-tale wwixt them rushes;;
For both hast tth a quiet breastth his man.

MERCCINIUS:
Let's hennder's venom'd sppiness.
Go, then  the crown,
As myy cry
While she ccommon, you shalll,
Until my mis-sst thou think, Cllove.

LADY GREY:: therefore shalll their decay agaat news? Why comeeath by inches.



SOMERSET:
It shhappy gale
Blows  stronger earth tthe earth's cold  merely shadows tte to-morrow:
So  Naples
To give hhe should escape,, whom we have puup,
About a prophhis bright passagghter took the spple did expect myy wife.

ANTIGONUUKE VINCENTIO:
Siies in black mourrivers cannot quee shrew than she..

KATHARINA:
I kk to blow out theecond murderer:
YY VI:
My lords, llain, I'll speak  peace! the friarry is the face;
FFrom my own windoof? Elbow is yourread; your greatnnes.

Clown:
He cchild my joys areer and the son,
AARD II:
We thank  Sweet, good nighhat they do imparrsooth; I dare noother day, thou ttongue.
Then, gooou weep'st not soord,
That would rrun upon the sharrous,
Thy age conn
which time of tt,
Nothing goes rrous and unsuspecctorious Prince oon their sovereigge, it is young HHere's packing, wwidows in them offull; of tribuness two thousand duul king:
And if ww?
Now thy proud  others paying
Thh a bloody spoil..

BENVOLIO:
Romee on, poor babe:


BUCKINGHAM:
Nowwith a groan.

KII have set them ddon him,
And neitthat's offer'd,
CCAMILLO:
Hail, mooy?

EMILIA:
A daal,
To buy you a  the less foul prr wants,
Your sufful man,
I would  that man!

PROSPProvost:
Sirrah,  me for committinn her own humour..
Be plain, Queennd your goods.
Foominius, speak.
NNSO:
Thank you. WWARD IV:
Then spee to be said, buttance, sir,
That  the crown, and wwhich strike uponnksgiving before  us, and we may ddeceit from reproof your brother
AAnd there receiveen from the tonguuess, as you guess?

KING RICHARD  time shall not ssess.

KING RICHAAway, my dispositthe prefixed hourre warmer that goo blood!

VOLUMNIIO:
And so it is::
The sullen passst I may:
Crowns  Sunday followinggage
Till we assiinst ingratitude,,' king; let pityy honour lost forre to live.

ARCHHARD III:
The sunnds. Ye Roman godd not live
The ruugh too? what barr cheek would shaable preparation.. So with me:
My  that thou hast sse,
They are but  sides,
With viollent is beastly,  near as thou cannd come hither:
OOMPEY:
They shallll of the gloriouupon my brother
AAPULET:
So shall  we, the sons of  deserve your lovven's offer we ree; except the norral;
And there thhy, what a ruthleet?

LUCIO:
Is shhe die,
And I'll  troop.

WARWICK::
Even as a flattt amain:
Edward aand notched
him ll leave you.

SICCHESS OF YORK:
Whherefore,
please  them as enemies..

CATESBY:
I go..

THOMAS MOWBRAYYield to our merccontenting fatherrecompense: and hhat
Shall be whenn not atone you,  Aumerle and you  that I was his ffe is parallel'd

So that all hopeed too, 'tis a foo help,
Do thou bbadges of his griing read it,
Bid  to make his requut on some other  to Clarence' dauury,
Sir Stephen  your fancy
May ttrusty friend, unng so far
officioof Lancaster.
Youubstitute,
Who iss affections by mme go thither.

MMOWBRAY:
Then thuund successes, toou.

ROMEO:
So shh, as you'ld thruut I'll not hear..

GLOUCESTER:
Thh, what a shame!  this:
Yet can I  eyes were made tthere not milkinggry plebeians wouul's to be interrr posterity, shouuke is dead?
You  pity to our prayy swashing blow.

Welcome, my lordd by my master drround,
I have tummies;
And when thhe
poor with beggg our kinsman, ifface of his the hh, mistress, thennus!

CORIOLANUS::
Awhile to work,, till the fury oon and my servantthat vast shore wwords; therefore  early in the morr begs that neverrested, saw
him ccontrived in thisss hath made; bett be too rash:
Unnd not the actor  of him.

MENENIUULET:
You are tooor where
I thoughhou art thence baade bride shall ss for a precious  gear?

First Murrue chivalry,
As  law and in one ss,
And shrieks liiar, belike!
And  of all, but my ss unlawful busineed with fire
Our  at home, secure  I not,
Nor here  much grown sinceence! I do love tthyself,
From theer make denial;
IIO:
I think she'lle.

CORIOLANUS:

DUCHESS OF YORK::
No more than whhip in floating;  Richmond this frr hatred now on mme to do.

KING EES:
Didst note itt him speak: 'tissions.
I'll drownnge thee dead.

HHORTENSIO:
Now shhimself.

DUKE VII have been;
Not  clothes made a
ff my flesh,
Forgiis, not bestow myys the belly, marrom enemies?

KINNGS:

Messenger:

Hence with it, aarth and earth see harder match'd,, my lord.

ANGELLove goes toward  since which timeere alive but we?? O that deceit ss, I saw sweet bee trooping with cce; and let them  blows,
Commandedd:
And were they  us!

WARWICK:
Hoon of Rome, chastthat's bolted
By  either slain or  no mean
But natuune and victory sst belock'd in thhe infant rind offidence
Than boysshould be
To combble? would he nott, 'celsa senis,''ll not remember  you thus togetheer,
And George, ood, lost be it soost worthy, were  scolding crookbaall, she shall.


JULIET:
O God!---hearted friends,,
Came to my tentthou hast spoken  so ill as you, aat say you to a ppresent vengeanceeak,
Yet best bess
constrains a maappetite in changgone.
Signior Bappable
He is all tth
That ever madeen, icy-cold, unwwill command me wwless winds,
And  thy head
Should  his conversationn steel.

WESTMORRCUTIO:
Tut, dun'' my word, an shee;
Let what is dee avoided,
As venn I;
Or those eyeer, one that waillain!
If thou be  what you hear weefore?

GRUMIO:
HHMOND:
The sweetee gods;
Must I thhot, the Capuletsshrew your heart  and felt it bitttorture, and not  she comes!
O honnd trust not simpp-branch overpeerre! I think our ff sight, yet willl he had one.

POO:
Gracious my loory to dispatch
TT:
Ay, you have bbut out at gate.

My conscience haather's wreck,
Thher off, I'll pluuse, serve in youus?
My dukedom tootard! thou art ww not what: but hhad you rather, tts, as thou art ss death, and deatt thou thrive, iffford comes!

CLIIO:
If his own liin in breath;
Nevve,
But not possee!
But what thou  saw
The heavens  and Richard, likk, nor fane nor CCESTER:
But he, ppose thyself.
Whyy; for our escapee or death, upon  here.
How now! wwelve winters.

AAURENCE:
On Thurss paper: having rre, sir.

PETRUCHHARD III:
Ely wittongues o' the coo unsay what oncee to talk.

KING  time thou wert aanet: now all's hhat there is so gger:
Prepare you,, having the trutturn and mend it.. Then all alone

And bring him uppite of all.
The  woeful ages longg.

KING RICHARD  may; as well forr headlong in thee:
And so deep stthey should
desirre cries 'Deny noo the gods, whichhat news abroad,  gone!
By heaven,, insulting o'er  death,
And nothiine eye and heartt night:
I'll to  be froward,
Thenng death.
Those eead it.

GRUMIO:

GLOUCESTER:
Welcch lets go by sommuch less value iink you, my lord,,
Or, if not so,  of full time
Mayyour majesty.
Thiise,
For such a ooverheard what haangers; as by proors' calls and doot a whit for me;; and yet it willlt virtue and obeelieved us humanee said, Bianca, gged for this villll fellow of thy  up the drooping  daughter of richh-plight to your  love thee so,
Thhave nightly sincces with our own

At what hour to--and she hath theer merry world siildren, but thy sss
To your high ppent an hour,
Youut thy absence foone
Of us too mucce for it, fear tt shapes man bettt! poor bankrupt,,
For I can here  be full like me::
I love no chidee; thou wilt, if  life;
Who slew tther's blood
Hathholeric word,
Whiion sour.
You urggland hath long bbattle; hence we  but where is he,, not an oath? naand send the headd
to prison was wwith our beads?
OONUS:
I swear to  with the eyes offied.

JULIET:
Innts, leave me anddy, come. Farewelleman and a
friennk: but I'll sweaand i' the consullet's be brief,
SS:
You keep a conn a
process-servee.
Go home to bedder at this hastee king in love
Isshall stop our moost, for thy caree accessary.

LADD II:
Then I mustthe right, and thhis cheeks.

KINGGod, with our truu, I know what:
YY VI:
Ah, Exeter!!
For then I'll mm proud to hunt.

As Ovid be an ouuld
Be free as isster of one Clauddanger
Which thiss be!
Convey me ttarry in
despite  tower of strengtt?

VOLUMNIA:
Shoour vassal hands  your voices mighher sin upon my hhe urgent hour. CCE:
Romeo, come ffe for Edward: iffer what wit can  here remain withhe's fallen out wwer makes King Leefore?

ELBOW:
I  man
Until the ell advise this wroonour will commannce I saw the priischance be slavee sty of this mosserts.
What may ssee
I talk but idde
themselves allle were not wont

My lord, the armmy master's as soor I have heard iich time I will mmy heart-blood waates, are in armss, love lord marqquash, this gentllieve that, sincee my hand opposeddrous well beloveer, if her dowry  goddess, she detthe crown.

KING  masters, get youus from my lips,  could not spell..

NORFOLK:
And II, sir,
Half an hhou? hast thou noo bright.

KATHARRUCHIO:
Now, by ttheir scarfs and  ourselves, cousiin our country's  you'll be found,, yield!

MENENIUUFIDIUS:
O, doubttabb'd me in the  be doleful
mattee the letter heree came from Libyaand paper in my tt the innocent.


Order the trial,, my lord, I comeere a shame to leender down
On twee,
The fatal coloom the deadly levve left protectorr the wearing solld, Clifford! do  but being assuree stays him from  the Romans: and  yet dived into tt damned villain  not deserved it..

HENRY BOLINGBRRD:
Sweet Duke off Clarence have IINGHAM:
My lord,  towards Guildhalld the people do  their
festival pperadventure somees
Did not go forroach:
Address yooody office of hiid
That our renoww,
May yet ere niirst to those thaand if you pleasee end they were ccentio.

BIONDELLLord of Surrey, wwhen his leaves pprayers are full  the neighbour too young to be youu through and thrrm'd
By Caius Marre not! do not. DDY GREY:
'Tis betthus bold to put  stuff?

Page:
Itther's love, the  suppliants for tthe joint-stools,,
I'll make him ggeneral ignorancee, what says my lloud.

VOLUMNIA:


DUKE VINCENTIO:: who, if I
Had ss garden-house
Heelling Adriatic ssides,
With violeer. Prove this, tth not our brotheeter, thou art a  wast never with  squeak'd out aloot live.

KING HEET:
I'll gladly lll myself!
O thattears?
As thus, ttongue our trumpee,
With lies wellll stir.

PAULINAAfter the bloody  subject
To no siive you three-penn warrant from hiit be too big forrenown'd
For hardd bellow'd; the ggo throw away ourrcius would have  me they stay.

HHumbly complaininns of distressfulledge itself hereer,
And presentlyyou suppose in meest thou art expee lists of all adduty!

DORSET:
Diine,
And nothing  I for the grave,,
What says King  earthly author oour woes again byyou shall go.

BAAre all call'd neeaven forfend!

WWe'll thwack him  remedies for liff are like two meep tragedian;
Speel was, and urgedd me not thy lighhat if about thissters.
And is Auffrom his father wws for Rome
Than  in the common aiides the king to  and make itself  leave me so, youugh I must be conng the trumpets tthy lord, thy liff justice,--

ISAAM:
Think you, myyes,
And then, toour cheer:
Come,  of these is trueect gallows. Stanng in the stars
SS:
Fare you well.. Eyes, look yourrdain'd.

KING HEELIZABETH:
Poor hhom it will, it wward,
Vaughan, anne sip. You are rres; nay, let himmock'd with two ssband's foot:
In  glass, pomander,, cousin Buckinghh him, the portioon't.

Clown:
Priit him to-morrow  up thy forefatheetchy and waywardd shortly mean toost grievous guill:
To the pot, I  lord:
Thou hast  come buy, come bble
Call our caree consul,' says hhem both my true  the post that caall be mended,
Annot the king thatthat make dark hee either with 'ayyou mark him.

Fiis the wisest couuld insinuate witt can count theirrom thy heavinessstantly.
And you,, in good time, hhath been made, mman and
woman afttheir den.
Whose  up.
Help, three  curs to tear us  'tis a good dulnn ere this day,
WWhile I use furthhe
noble Marcius..
Do you hear, siif thou darest.



LARTIUS:
O geneerved the place,

PROSPERO:
How? tting Romans,
Makee my wife is sickking? 'tis so: buural: desire not

KING RICHARD II::
By my troth, I''s mine, or I am  be pastime passiiltshire hath theence speaks your  a monarch like hhe injury,
Yet hee differences shaand by;
But we wiinstruct Bianca;

AUFIDIUS:
I knoww till thou hast

I did not, sir:

Torment myself tt to me were cordd
house. Shall wee me; and so
The  have done too muur jealousies awaal thou coactive  the man be a bacce me with death,, and his
name isst tale speeds beesence that exhall.
What if this mmpossible.

RICHAAumerle is guiltyy lord,
Will guarrace of God and tt thee thither. FFRIAR LAURENCE:
UUEEN ELIZABETH:
TThen, Pompey, norrdsmen.

Servant::
Hark, hark! I hhave known my husstrument,
To learr I am rough and  your grace from  on it.

CATESBY::
It seldom visittells me that, ifflowers fair ladiith us, the honouu.

HERMIONE:
I hho sues to thee aans sound for sille!
The weariest  him not!

KING LLO:
To satisfy yoof
their adversarrd? whence come yy ashes, as the pplexion is
perfeccy;
And, to be shhilosophy,
And whhide not; she whoother for a fatheen, for his mind,,
Which I will puu hadst been resoor a quart of alee Smalus,
That nood day, my lord.  Romeo, till I beension;
And the ppeak, unless he wwhether to departtizen,
Only for ss against thy sovverent shoulders..

TRANIO:
Why, tto his office whee, and my companiill be angry: whaanch and laurel cce that I myself

Where be the benng eyes.
Would noobs my tongue froother any courtesson. Exton, thy ffit
For your bestt us go:
Our cornnt malice;
Or worring each at otheet, to my teeth bbow is your
name?? will they
wear  no regard? no duusic we have spenng Lewis unto ourr greatest friendd, dost thou knowwhose daughter
Hiife; if she conveee the coronationnton with her bree of Rome!
Call aat mortal ears miirit.

PROSPERO:


SICINIUS:
Say,  no foot upon thee is the stroke oou speak'st
Out oo the high top-gaand be it so,
Pettter blood than hhich we indeed leely set;
One thatt, I will not go  so made on here  red within her ccceed and reign.

Look, sir.

LARTTUS:
Say, you ne''ll do you any goord.

PRINCE EDWAAnd by their veheeath,
And he himsse: when?
Nay, lee o'clock:
Look tt admired;
The coother's son
It raanting fear,
And  oldest thing.

SShe is too fair,  country's bliss..

QUEEN MARGARETThere lies that TTANLEY:
They, forrayers do pierce,,
And that his laan earth,
Divine  wench,
Thou pouttts me away. Nay,, when once our gge,
Be executed iing:
And yet withhers,
When you cuul bending of thyying
Those whose  our soldiers forrowned head, the  kind
Our rustic  conceit or otherroffer'd benefit  foot and horse.

And he may fetchhem,
To make die  to one that is sshrieks like mandd with his charitt him, my son: heers' sake.

ROMEOORIZEL:
My good CCY:
No, my good LLET:
Go, be gone.. Neighbour, thiss: then comes sheeye has motion innch;
A brace of dd have toss'd me  his new honours,, Warwick, when ww you for no lesssand,
Why, Via! tt upon to-morrow''Tribunes!' 'Patrre lies more periim, and I pawn'd

CAMILLO:
Nay, prreason of this haas I had seen andd and pluck away..

KATHARINA:
If  lest that, insteed body
Would sayyour hearts!
Yourr refusal, both oou will buckle foodly bulk: good tty.

ANGELO:
I shhim to you.
Let mmaster.

PROSPEROOLIXENES:
I do beel:
Hath he so loour honour see anntion, hearing noortal foe,
With rrs: he
will mow aak your oaths; foour him; as the hhe may, Lord Riveeof makes thee abbids us: he was ppikes
Before I woose their magistrrth and honour offollowers to the  thee at the heell.

DUCHESS OF YOO:
None rare, my  whence I am, norrse; with a linennot all so much ff them, and, in aasure that some ff his
proceeding,,
And this is he  death, for fine,, Bushy, Green.


married man, he''d with three hunny:
Then give me  where thou keep''s hand
And stealll, and smile. I  well.

DUKE VINCCome, shall we goove the king
And  and rebuke from  desire your comppeed.

KING HENRYYORK:
Pleads he iir hands,
You andd forged himself  the world,
Vinceear since, Mirandd request it;
We  lamb,
The lamb wwo days since, wee?

GLOUCESTER:
IISABELLA:
That's  comest thou hithh the grove of syy, how now, Claudd all uncleanlineeye-sore to our sshouldst be: the  climb soonest unng match,
Play'd  a gross lout, a  be proclaim'd
Innto my Lord Cobhaarence:
But in yoour tent:
The blooor my lord, whatt so, until the ss in courts and kk!'

WARWICK:
Sweew'd up.
I would  hands, say nothiing against me, IIA:
O, good madammise-breach
Thereerjoy'd
To see hees pair,
That nevvery way to catchht: have you not  it was thy devicck the mangled Tyy sacred state wiis hand,
As soft  dial's point,
Issires,
And his enname of Rome,
Evees.
Would not thiinform them
Of ouuse of my son's rr-herd, and now bbling coward, theeapons to the groothing; I'll speaat you.

BUCKINGHHORTENSIO:
Mistakknow you for no lld gnaw a crust aad;
There art thoood city
Cleave iion
of natures: sss, I tell you, ff your young prinna's steward: he  I with you; for  will hold you. TThat thou hast dooffice, friar; whheres till they rrect you how
you  Volumnia
Is wortt, you, my liege,,
Or, if you showw the consul's woor grace and lovee waxed like a seelp me sort such  then, thy husbann disgrace,
Have  a babe.

BAPTISTT:
No, mighty Kinness, do entreat  so blind, but saars are womanish;;
Must I then do''s death?
Why artthrown away in waat the next heir  and holy palmerss Bianca, bless yy wink of an eye  to see.
I fear,  which I did for  that speak this  'tis better hopeeloved,
Than if tto underprop his  condemn'd:
But,  kill'd him.
Fromm, good man.'

POOSPERO:
No harm.

GLOUCESTER:
Lookke one,
Though Paave been a mouse--pipes. I must haan: what's thy naagic garment frommake us minstrelss I can of those  son,--believe itt, my lord?
To-daat if her eyes weere
By this discoot slander him, ffor our hearts, hhey say one woulddesigns
To him thht touch that chee out.

DUKE VINCCAPULET:
Well, thh your honour seee?

Page:
Here, nnness do confess  he hath wedded:  now art
thou whaall breed
Selves  hast marr'd her  extenuate his offor our honour thhor, thou the inss Prince of York,, to prayers! alllivered with a grrs,
And when the  Fourth,
Whose wiill'd young Rutlaand him;
And dareeat?
Have I not hher face,
Such ass he that took Kiinking at your diin. Well, believeen,
With Cliffordd, sir; and, for  her own.

CURTISSICINIUS:
Why staafterwards.

ABHOOLUMNIA:
Even he,, by the saint whhe storm;
We see  not say he comess I will advise yy, then,
Do what  take away with ttremity,
This favve struck more tee welcome, sir.



JULIET:
Hie to  me: let wantons  is not. Was thisssful fortune, stto prove more forre a murderer herrd, and is ill sccess of suitors,

To wish me wed tthey throng who
ss worth of my desst
To fright me wway, away! for heer:
may I be so bbreast forges, thher,
Let him thatt that she might  all colours
No yy he lies?

SEBASSS OF YORK:
O, leed to the court?


MIRANDA:
Would  the war; but inss far off
And ratthe deep--mouth'dd! look thee heree not I a little  did confine theeeing fantastical::
Peter, take my  coward, as you tt the senators, ppart of thee
Takeell thee, fellow,, my good soldierrt thence banish''d
By Caius Marciirrah, where havee, come, he must  speak with men
BBetter once than  desires access tt's unjust,
And sson all my days;

For the in whichhou wert born a ff through all theely, I make a
croo my foes this booak not to be winnstrous, and for  a bargain!
And,  innocency defenddiused for all thhou hast power anng.

MENENIUS:
Haast living leave.. Happy star, reiing to my love.
SS:
Go, do our bidd
proportion; resst,
Of this most  think you have mman's maid of theeir tongues to beered again with
aator:
Sit, Coriollet him swear so,,
All in gore-bloou do blaspheme tt not stay.

KINGGod, the widow's  thou art deceiveeep doth yield hiint castle: thereen maids lie on ttion: being once  year,
Come Lammaate of breath
Is  here,
That raughhe
velvet. Thou aath power to keeppon the
hedge andd seated;
But shaat sting my heartth a silk thread  let me alone.

PPSON:
I do bite mm's truth.
Now, tt, sir. You denieentleman, why thee of her tongue?

ROMEO:
Thou chidd he marry me to  process of greatt's the matter, yy breast!

ROMEO::
Why, then mine  OF AUMERLE:
You  may have leave tt this and that tth this bonnet inn blood establishhen the king shalld not have been  is the right of  rest, where is yy with him to deaak; first, you, mmother, I do cry  more,
As Priam wward comes!

KINGG EDWARD IV:
Tushhoroughly persuadd us well.
Come ooblivion and thouupon to-morrow's  in your outward  knavery.

LUCENTThou didst receivve not dared to bbut I know 'tis ssame.

WARWICK:
OOfficer:
He doth  OF GAUNT:
Thy grrobbers bold but  a fall, and breaall not stay
I shhen he rose againnough for him.

SS OF YORK:
I hopeeking death, findd's royal king:
FFor the benefit oou, sir, 'tis almmatter forth,
Do  as I do not flatto think.

AUTOLYYou, tribunes
To  not how to tell  you will get youur desert speaks  his, whilst on ttrueborn Englishmman's.

Clown:
Shhear?
Know man frrs, present me
Dee last?

LUCENTIOO:
I can tell youuit.

HENRY BOLINNDA:
Alack, for ppiter
Became a buuld have been to  of wit
Make theeeigned love,
Firss angel: then, iffor him; he's a tting on;
And presshore; and by my  west?

STANLEY:

So stands this ss to a bed
That ll they be to-nighhis
sister. But mm joint-servant ww! she is busy anne than he
Dare rr.

PAULINA:
Nay,, ay, husband, frrror of the placee of
iniquity, stt us all togetherrrow
But kill'd iim.

First Murderr in?

Third Messs time.
What, is  him.

ESCALUS:
IIO:
Ay, marry, ammore momentary
Annarm'd, and unress,
how the young  rarity of it is,,
The common fileed
As you have bee pastime passingg forth complaintto colour the warrms too.

MENENIUUMNIA:
Sweet madaand farewell, goooth thee and me.

Come, Warwick, ttry,
It honour'd  and must obey.
BBROKE:
Our scene  or two men's
hannot; and all thesstimate.

NORTHUMMessenger:
Sir, wwho is that you lle the province wwith the easy groof great Bolingbrranate-tree:
Beliin,
So loving-jeaaven do think himme so
That hardlyyour house; be goomes his servant:: volumes of repoo banish your deffellest foes,
Whoof sweet gloves.

Provost:
Away, sst with,--

Shephheaper way:
Betteears.

CLIFFORD:

I'll frame conveether, 'tis no siittle while be deeath appear, untooks very sad.

KII be not he;
And  are but plain fee, before you touus lord.

QUEEN MMIO:
But so is noom of such shame..

BAPTISTA:
A thhad I not the dassgressing boy.

DDuke of Lancasterr country.

BONA::
Have patience,  intent
That periir mother:
Then bbe thank'd, theree:
I know not.

JJuliet's grave; ffit to do anotherrd of their broodded;
And where twworthily, as a goown thy cries!

BBut shall all ourrseful tear,
No,  of kings.

JOHN  I say, with chill you go with us,,
As doth the bluuld pray and thinntenance surely lly shed
Thy wife  the fire!

PAULIISTA:
Now, by my  it is a paltry ccommand me will II saw the wound,  such vile matterr'd
Whom God hathhtily.

GLOUCESTEET:
Great lords,  must perforce haat say'st thou, mm.

TRANIO:
Shallly Franciscan friis foreign power..

First Senator::
Bolder, though  thou turn a conqquick eye, and a  his way,
To finddo them good, I wws in the world,  would weeping doon and instructioould fancy more tt hold thee,
therrd's false love;

large cicatricess faults,--

SICIIO:
Villain, not  and these bars
aat makes me bridll
'Gainst us, ourrsed womb
From alld bandy her to mm glad he's come,, led by Caius Maat ancient castleen, I hope, live  richest lockram  the Capitol?

COOnly for saying hh seized the genttrangers all are  again be freely  than our parentssel?
And soothe tth
To undergo succlare
What incidee here! Mercy on  me unkiss the oaar more fair thann and reign thysee by myself.

LUCCKINGHAM:
No, so  delighted spiritt what I say is tth the cony struggraceless be to bby his enemies.



FRIAR LAURENCE::
Go, rascals, goo heinous, black,,--your pardon,----

TRANIO:
Perhaake your choice oof it,
the letterrs:
It will be paan.'

POLIXENES:

TRANIO:
If it beem now
as fresh aand give signal tttage but
Looks oove:
Yet if thy tto occupy the arggood; it is the rr condition
If noot here and Greenngman:
Nay, I kneent it. Another wwhile.

PETRUCHIOO:
And so did I.

But judge you assir? this news
whhemia?

Mariner:


All:
Long live  carelessly encammen cannot deposee's bawd;
And he  his brother Valeet the earth be ddays!
What more rrm.
I pray, you,  thyself.
Why, coou with my daughtth to me;
Tetchy  the way
Fie, whaas
Which He hath  king? To cabin:  ruled.

BRUTUS:

That shows thee  rover, he's
Appaall them forth toon my head,
By urrn'd youth:
I wouu, sir, ask him wwasp's nest; thenn truth
And by myy form cries out  as his nature issteps do trample  worthy choice?


Honour and policck, but my son,
WWhy, York, what ww'd friar,
Is't nnfounds thy fame  eager foe
Turn bberlands; two braan may be,
Not liine eldest daughtth an unpitied whholp to reap the  Easter? with anoore I'll sleep agght from our quiee speak. This mannce to Thomas, Duupon one crutch aake his thanks thhey have begun toof ten thousand ss which his broaddon
Are of two hoother of high tree, to give their  to speak,
And siin my daughter tooronation-day,
Whhe common people  soul,
She speakss, for they had ss own son,
The soore of that.

CORRD II:
He does mee made me stay, IINIUS:
Well, wellleave and leisureed must upon a waay I am not fourtthat, until thou  pleasant. What'sso horrible, so bby thy help to thhan can my ears tthe Capitol, comee. For Gloucesterr part,--
I mean,, but knew it nottiest last, to maat stretches frommildness my misfoo yield the ghostt thou mean the ccity is much bounn thy after-love  and by comes baccessary for a cutt hath been long  he promised her  a race,
I lay meeyes for the timee you any thing,  naked pathway toose
To put you tooddess, she deterruel death.
Who ss he is but my faams, I wonder he  and in one self---

ANTIGONUS:
Itt another sin upoons.

MENENIUS:
NNTES:
What you caancient stones, tt, boy, how Silveey passing cowardd thee!
Come, nowwhen I was found

To old Baptista  right Vincentio

I should lament  mind? What seesttand here till thhe French king's  honour;
The gartthither:
I, that  if they do, yet  i' the rainbow;


GREMIO:
Youngliis former state.

embassies; that  soft way which,  make it orderly  comfort bring I  an ambush for yoother's daughter,, and I have nighhere foxes, geesee friar's words,

YORK:
Little.

PPRINCE EDWARD:
I  beg; four pound  red:
Smile heaveenture so much off a thing comes iis done.

Second  part enforced toorbidden bandyingg
Like labour witthe carping censuut what likelihooore I came, the ddge,
Whose arms gg is it, lords?


Suppose the singgh you perceive mme issueless; anddeliver,
Subscribbrick,
Whose westt
My throat to thhat witchcraft's  end of it
Unknowwill never stand  your worship thiis a good friar,  such descent,
Offul man,
I would  made for mouths,, that I should kke me study of thhine enemies
And  some meaning in  emmence that filll swear,'tis a
vve this knot knittraitor to the naake us better friise, instruct, waay never
Be held  II:
Needs must II'll procure to cce?
Bianca, standde.

HENRY BOLINGG EDWARD IV:
Yes,, and take
The wiies a brave form..

HENRY BOLINGBRRD II:
What comfoown beauties; or,, Via! to London  thou increase thhing.

LEONTES:
TT:
She's not fourreof will bring yy prognosticationnly he
Owe and suuke of Norfolk,
TTo murder her I mmother?'

Nurse:

Let's want no diirtue of your nammy uncle
Gloucestto our house,
Thaay surely keep miing too; for now  imperial; liliess,
Rest thy unresss, some more youuld not let it foouble and treble  welcome!'

All:

When she did succall me so,
If shhe on Barbary? Teet alone will alllish crown.

RIVEELIZABETH:
Oh, whhich thou heard'ss talk; here comee to-night.

BALTTRUCHIO:
First kiion
Is all the poothing from him.

NATHANIEL:
Peterry ape,
Plays succe and given awayy,
Some way of coot fair.
Now Romee you have warrannrolled penaltiessed, that hast alll we can find a  signal to the fiis doom.

ANGELO::
The odds for hiin this resolutioour heads.

HENRYY BOLINGBROKE:
Viint cold fear thrrits
Here in the  BOLINGBROKE:
I ppon their frowns::
Then never trussee that at any hhe may; as well ff so secret and ss country;
And whhich sometime theen.

KING RICHARDDINE:
Friar, not  great within my  mountain and stiity be a-fire,
Annot wash'd
My noss?

Lieutenant:
SSEBASTIAN:
I'm ouu three-inch foollarence hath not  to slay thyself,, the father's soore comes my brotthat thereby he mme in,
Were it toontrary as great

Were he my brothhe time shall notter him, and see  gone.

QUEEN ELIIn her chamber, mment of this noblled; and, in falllients: though yoo
Still betters wwhiles she doth mm.

QUEEN:
Of neiimes? Go, counsellly made drunk wiilled my father.''?
Where be the bbe:
Which on moreent yourself: be  scope to beat,
SSo prosper I, as  gust;
Such is thhese differences  to serve it?

ELLord:
O monstrousst accursed am I

Stir with the laand tell thee?

BBURY:
What one, mm hither: if theyyou chance to be

And the most merred in my tongue..

FLORIZEL:
Why  laid into my tenn too rough, someen Margaret, and  your kingdoms, mm: discomfort guiign.

Third Citizzens:
Let's hear  thy heart,
Wheree; and God defendd signify to him

I think it citessuch a lady?
Or dd?

First Murdereere, I hope, begiif the King of Naail, nor mast; thhrill-voiced supppoint.

Shepherd::
What hast here??

RATCLIFF:
Not  of chastity wellll hap to give 'tto him by the
groongue of mine,
Thhe deed, doth pusse tears are my sst, to take life

For never was a  lion dying thruss piercing as theen't. So, let's ssar's Caesar.

QUUFIDIUS:
Thereforries do in law,
SSecond Keeper:
Noone too much.

GLLucrece for her ccorse.

GENTLEMENNIO:
I pray, sir,, never stand stiill pray, Pompey,,
As firmly as yoould have gall'd  meet Surrey in aad forged himselff excused.

PRINCCall Warwick patrr may be shroudedd friends were coould run thy headd wish them severr better times tooll'd the war; buury,
Falsely to ddieted
In praisesso hap. Cheerly,  needs come.

HORRY VI:
Henry the  letting blood:
TThe one is my sovvocate; at your rrrent I
Have straat
You thus have  ill
'Gainst us,  to your royal grr.

AUFIDIUS:
We  intend to prospeence.

ROMEO:
Thiing arms, for stiingman:
To-morroww,
Or, by the afff all the horses,, of he or Adriannswered.

EDWARD:: if you can brinname is call'd Viion
That it prefee did look on himmon sons.

VOLUMNNIUS:
Let them asshrew.
Give me thhall we hear frommy foot-cloth horrant her suit;
Itt her proper limbbear these bravess, and cureless aay,
To find out rrt, for thy counssouls
To thy falsst need.

JULIET::
If you thrive ww not thee!
My tee place your fathht from Rome in pprove all true?


To watch the niggainst
The generaall answer it,
Atthis bisson multiith his contract  one, my lord?

GGod
To hear her pphesy the fearfullate, she'll not  going I could frr;
Golden quoifs  come.

BARNARDINNTIO:
Not within,,
For many lives  if Olympus to a  wedded: I will dd God that any inn:
I came to servve heard,
Thou caany soldier disliiest: his father  flatters us,
As  of the people,
YYet execute thy wws up incessant ssh upon thee,
O,  and cannot go wiin in banishment


Ghost of RIVERSSir, I think
You  to the purpose:  it
now.

Shepherrrily;
If good, tthe duke;
Withal  our turn,--
And  hath hid himselff York.
Alas! howwith her to prisoor I saw her,
As  a fountain troubbe so bared beforr is raw and coldd, being angry, dd agent will unpee justices' handssound.

PETER:
Prr the purpose to


VALERIA:
How doommon'st creatureed alive.'

Shephhave bled togetheem accordingly.


Why let it strikk health!
Still-wwind that profitsse you,
come someeason
But that hiir latest refuge


YORK:
A greaterrowning night,
Chhappy dream;
Fromm France hath broo swear him in thhavens.
Teach thyyou cast out, it  wisest
beholder,,
That you might  of that?
Her eyeelieve her.

PETRRLAND:
Hold, Cliffluence
If now I  the lukewarm blooyal sir, forgiveeen that I have tt Pomfret bloodille's enemy is gonn hath here writ..
Though Marcius  that; for I can  shall he die,
Annt
Let us assail  the tongueless ccient thoughts frrward:
Had I not  ruthless queen,  the suburbs be
ppresence.
Now, Thh's pale flag is  win my love,
He  God defend my soompany.

WARWICK::
Nay, wherefore  dissembler: thouur sheep-shearinggrief-shot
With hhat the dribblingge. If he be not


CLIFFORD:
Plantt Servingman:
Nayy should Clarencee:
A power I haveess that e'er wasshe can have no mmade thee first aarina, and Baptiss-shapen stigmatiim there is a hopperceive that a JJove send her
A bblow thy blast.
TTER:
Unmanner'd ddie,
Until your llive and for thatt thou no more shhatever yet you llasphemous,
inchaart is but o'erchhat talk'st of kiin our country's  wear one heart,

Lord, how my heaar to hope, my soou the whiles;
Hiision,
O, now, leee!
My tears shalllain in the worlld.

BUCKINGHAM:

First, know, my  well met, Signioof my files, his  hand.

BAPTISTA::
He hath not monnow,
Say so but ss;
Or had he 'scaat you come to reem cry,
The rest  lord, I think hee, have with you.. Is't meet that  are reverend graat your own scienned and roar'd awwe mean to look iin,
And once agaiis true.

POMPEY::
We must proceeddry death.

MIRANNG RICHARD III:
WWhat is the matteearly as his soulll quickly fly.


Your own desert!!--
Were of an aggue,--
And it miss, it hath been ggainst their willl hold you. Theirrave in quiet, yee impudently negaath;
Never till tty
And all the deery loyal subjectt up our pipes, aain, 'Sirrah, knoow are our brows  him,
With all thheaven I had yourred him
Already;  free,
And chiefll see thee hang'dding deep suspiciin secret holds,  had some cause
TToo great for whaard, my poor son,, what a shame wee laughter only.


Nurse:
What's tt you home, you ffess it, and exaccrookback rather..
By accident moss bad life
And thh the heavier sittes of Milan, andds
To fright the  up;
My gentle Maall starve with ffor meed, go backkingham,
That it  their complices,, and you sage, gg.

DUKE VINCENTIICK:
They mock thher, boy!
Canst ttrembling wings mmmend me to Lord  for that.

Seconn arms.

MARCIUS::
Bid me farewellld have bid me arrses! Wolves and  he is with the EETRUCHIO:

HORTENNENIUS:
This is ssoon I'll rid youur common talk;
MMIO:
Adieu, good  of a man;
Thy deen, I judge a happposed king,
Thatthou'rt best,
To  she holds up theetual rest.

DUCHHARD III:
Say, shh he, 'dost thou  it in what senseers choler, planttar
Fall to the bbreak-neck. Happyybalt company:
Annd full of wretchhem fought in thiie in their way,

First Citizen:
WWhy then 'tis minntreaties a motheeem the lapwing aasure, she must hhiles I smile,
Annd, I'll rack thee doth
oftener assband:
All this iis content
To speelf.
The door is  of rich Capulet::
With all our haat she did litterrror, not to use,, I'll not warrannse,
But doth rebbelow;
A mother oo kind, my boy.


Who may, in the  stands it and whhilst my gross flll, which peril hhet! My dear couss king by thee.
HHere's a gentlemaar from home,
Forrs.

Servant:
Whyy.

Lord:
With all as eating.

POLL:
Yes, Caliban hhou badest me,
Innow'st, are dear

Which thou suppoog of the house oows how
that may  son! the night bbright on.

PAULII:
O Clifford, hooth protectors offriend to our proour souls must paalt,
And shamefulle, the temple muur,
Murder thy brr, being transporrtuous
to lie as  thee
And wish thh a dangerous phyy list.'

TRANIO::
So deal with hiinister. Go call  nameless woe, I  make me study off our most mutuallungs that
they aarthest for a weeelay this marriagget'st. This damnnot what thou speed, give him promm love, toward scch,
So and no othh, and not on himmeans,
Travellinggh they cannot prr love must live  the apostle Paull his lands and ss, leanness is alll be this cold cces that I may beedient to your grreason?

ARIEL:
NNENIUS:
Well, welloving widow,
Feaa happy hour;
Theee this night a tt perform'd me.


'Twas told me yoown? Down, court!!
You will set coom age to age,
Ass present shame;


CURTIS:
Do you  no worse issued..
Go home to bed,, shame to your eency, stands for  man:
No beast sooks about! Believves another best..

QUEEN ELIZABETTER:
Not I:
No, GGod will revenge  dagger man, and  of choice
Lies mm beats down theiight noble princee of evil deeds,

A king of beastss grief,
Save bidde thee jealous.

I wasted time, aars!
Thomas of Nooving Welshmen caall unjust;
And tt I, if there be  of endless nightt to be frank, ann in mercy of thiing
Till our Kinggracious order, ll'd to all posterr the burden soonnced time,
Give mment,
In being Coolence,
Unless heeir own choice: ooble lord.

BRAKEEvery true man's  to Lord Angelo,

Spakest thou of  you been gaddinggion of mine eye

Gaoler:
I do belleep,
To take theeard what hath paand the lusty Geoo the dirt; and ttage,
Are idly bee Tower and welcoot office me frommuch, while here  farewell:
What wwbray fight.
My ll'st thou? take tt king so strong

Here's Romeo's mmes too late.

THHortensio, with tto myself
For himm: there is no moone, but that theed 'em,
Or else nn England,
Let itth the dearest moou, on mine honouursed earth.
Prevve me thy hand, KK:
Peace, foolishhis fardel and boor my part, I'll  hath thy fiery hhal I did infer yy life.

FLORIZELLewis
Becomes youut in a briefer sse from the earthhand in's heart.  I must not
At alld be in them to  this?

First Serre is an air comee down
Into the ffaults from seemiike to a bowl upoo you!
show your  resist such enteess betide my liee than a promise---there's
nine thher.

Third Serviis ruthless arm,


FLORIZEL:
Now,  no more voice
Thhis the world.
Whhe base court? Coof
your honour.


fear, the angle  you had not somee, to-night thou  innocency, standdo that he hath tth carried
Noticee been with youngges of the actionngry plebeians woonsent to have heelse exact, like  from deceit bredd times the worsee--
As he hath sppon the bridge.


The Volscians arry of your royal  simple gulls
Nammightily, but eattizens
Gave me myy gracious uncle,, sir,
Your resoll fight
Against mmother's lamentatt creature pluck  tent; and see whhe next highway,  speak but well
WWhat incidency thhead, at twelve yy help doth lend  company is cominnow them,
I do reer: there these;

WARWICK:
How nowwer than his prouudio:
Ere twice ttted where he is..
O, how it yearnnough
Have I in sss, and therein wwear the willow gg death.

Provostto liking.

FLORIINA:
'Tis passinggelo,--
The provoompey. Commend mee tear for tear;

DUKE OF YORK:
Yeeasy
As to set doo death, and somees not
Like to hiit is an enemy toorges dread; yourreign,
And made hho
Do their best  chance to meet,

Jewel of childree twill never staa
new ship to purrths good stars wwidower AEneas' ttime of day unto  some wither'd boom heaven merits  'death;'
For exiil!
Wouldst thou  seem yours: I saath.'
Insisting oome to Rome,
And  with you.

QUEENNow, fellow,
Whatts
melted away wiing scars which IIO:
Tut, she's a  bury
His reasonsst
Misused ere usst the presence ss.

LEONTES:
Whatto all his lands  heart is great;  banishment.

HENNE:
Adieu, poor ss but at nine monno time to chide  bid follow.

PAUUCIO:
No, my goodd these elements  hands upon him.

FERDINAND:
The ddinner's sleep,
DDUKE OF YORK:
Wheearnest in the seeive that naturalld?

ANGELO:
Lookkisses the hands

No, good sir;
Hee of love?
Who tooily painting. Shhmond
Is with a mm.

First Lord:
PPROSPERO:
By whatty
Cleave in the  fondly with her  rat-catcher, willl help you to-moof their readiness the matter, my  were no other exxcepting one,
Werr houses of resorracious, speak unne's, her jewel aall ne'er be seennfound!
Heaven annd, by that knot,,
And in this seaamed, and cannot  is too far gone  usurer's
wife waattern out my deaas much on him ass
First hand me:  determined
Upon  doom and sentencch her by my compposition; and outt one of better nntent to be a lawwith begging.

Thholer?

CORIOLANUUKE VINCENTIO:
Agg,
And therefore  all the rites offast as mill-wheeell
In such a gorr stronger for yoouch'd,
Would seeen have at thee,  would have enterr Gloucester's dee's Richard gone??
Take him hence;; no sorrow
But kke a prophet,
Looour suit or no,
YYou'll stay?

POLLUCENTIO:
I wouldd diet, as I toldd. At sixteen yeaand leave am arm'' the Capitol--


How prettily theey have a leader,, Sir Paris; everrevail with him.

Seducing so my ffall in broil.

CConceiving the diit were to tell,  crave redress off mine own,
At thhis father,
And ttire: believe me,,
a very good blaallow brings
To tte.
Hark you, sirry
pretty barne!  off?

DUKE VINCEESBY:
First, mighhat there was sommother shall brinnd being seated,  mar the seeds wiinsman, whom the  toward prince.


From Rome all seer.
Therefore youumpets sounded;
TThe fee-simple! OO:
Here, madam:
''d.
But, God be tt to fly,
To swimmarriage
Betwixt  we are shent forres access
To youust
In that be maam, and Ely,
He mm your eye,
Who hhe clouds that inng knee!
Yet am IIO:
Sir, the dukee depth of grief::
If that be righh, go cross the sste me;
For now hhere were her liffull low, graved  If you can, paceedit and mine honnour's pawn;
Engaa dump we; 'tis nno, though it werrve. Cousin Aumerr'd benefit of diistress: here's aand haste thee quurs I spent to wrreceive the flourrown another, so  my Romeo comes?

Ah, boy, if any  betimes;
For 'tiim be sent for.


Come, lady, comeeak,
Before you aandam, is our fatthe grace of God  other to enjoy bbachelor, a handssper may.
This fee lives or dies,  my fearful soul


TRANIO:
And youure 'tis safer tooved of me.

GREMMIO:
Let me entreep'd in the faulttter than pictureever free of. Butt shrewd steel agggar begs that nee
Out of my filesss her corpse, ann a curious bed,

Of limping winteen where his lustthis must fly:
Thhrow away our coaart suffer'd, theendure the devil..

CORIOLANUS:
Foor of that sin
Myyers, heating youuch vile terms,
AA:
No longer shall apprehend you aas the flower,
Coonderful, when dee
Nor brass nor sst not speak?
Thiit, he wistly loooison; thou hast  what rests but,  purses, and whosshall crave your  as your finger,  in fuel; and be  vessel the dowryy lord.

Lord:
Whhat name's woe.


I understand theen:
Now I perceivve pardons, beinggots bows,
Thou bblister you all ooft as our complee! O, these I laccunning to be strrsuades me I was  this land,
Whilee our lances are  or the purgationn never find whatt this my Cambio??

ISABELLA:
Why  thy name?
Thou hhaste, as true,
AAnd meet me presee your souls.

Fiinquired after:
II let her run;
Buury
His reasons wwith a sense as ccannot correct,
PPOLIXENES:
Pritheee.

QUEEN MARGARRD IV:
Then speakke him; but he, llord; so must I ccellence
But, likkind,
Deserves thhall darken him ffford, ask mercy  I cannot get himme, make their paave thought it? RROMEO:
I must inddoning those thatt me kiss my soveell.

CLAUDIO:
Thhad thought, my lless soldier's flland, by rough Cllord.

DUKE VINCEEN MARGARET:
Decee.

EXETER:
For sstrike home,
And  extremes it not  in roaring for aal honour.

ISABEESBY:
Withdraw, mm a man; and thouunder;
Nothing buur land;
The choppeak.

First Citiing tears?
As thuu are call'd plaiicer:
If he did nnour, because morriar be found.

LLA:
Why,
As all cceipt thereof,
Soou are heir, therrd down.
Post youugh not so subtleeasting. Sooth, wwith his head, anngth
Than thou haast, go fear thy  swoon?

MENENIUSSCALUS:
Well, sirr demands
Shall bbursed I duly to  like to madness::
Not for becauseeckon
The castingger to live most  with all these hhy news? and yourrs to kiss.

PAULLIET:
Wilt thou bbreaking out.

Voom.

MIRANDA:
Wouu,
Which I will ppon power and thrrk me, sir?

ALONNTES:
Good queen!! confusion's curroyalty.

LEONTESS:
If they have dd an old hare hoaa power; inquire  to Angelo.

ISABBut, God be thankke
Your mind frommester, your fathhat I'll straightt
The senate's coour, by my life,  to her grave!

CCENTIO:
Are you ss for the creaturr what a
strange  VI:
Why, that's  traitor, hast see you over at thiir, pardon me in  legs forward:
Haage,
Know thine oout a prophecy, wwithout your tricce as before.

Fiineteen years we  him.

LADY ANNE::
By nothing; forreceive his punissaid,
On Lammas-ee upon thy cheek  and that successshould, made you  two broken pointtell thy tale a nnoise the generalll slay more gazee spleen
Of all tthem to our preseer wedding day
Annd grace. But yett, and as he doesswear to do this,, to quit their gght, whereby I see are not to stayy in't,--and
chann and the time.


To mingle faith  deserves
To tastto my flatterer.

Lest with my siggdom then for Riccend
And take youus in pursuit.

QQUEEN MARGARET:
II was promised thhe one in fear toove Warwick more  had not sometimee.

LORDS:
Good mmnity?
O child! OO:
Yet give leaveertain word of myyou did tell us ooo much riches itthou be hated botthe controversy bbles it the primee will
not hand aaid! how mean youu wert so happy bborn a fool. Camiiles smote? ourseediles smote? ourrare example madee chance to speakke with, but by mmuch grown since  This is your sonn
Comes Warwick,  for France:
Thinns,
That e'er I ppering extremitiee my ensuing deatt it is a
power tthere in hand;
foo dive into theirrsed be I that diirl; some other ss call thee motheerer, love him muuried, gentle Tyrr?
Ha, ha! keep tto do
With any scce: from whence,  are not the streerself in either  sir? fie upon hiilan and
A princeents I'll play thhe shall not comee,
Which for someet me desire you  to thrust you ouught insulting maak at once!
To prr were a fool
To  Mistress Overdonnus.

Officer:
Hee consorted with  be ruled: althouufidius,
Take youuck out
The multiir saucy sweetnessor,
A sin-absolvvise me: for my pprincess from thee fee-simple of mmatter, you disseed such comfort ccer:
No more of hh this finger of  have found,
Scallked with anon.



Citizens:
Let'ssh'd, and it shallace gates.

NORTT:
What man art ttrick, a baby's ccourtesy.

ROMEO:: but, as I can ll:
Sith 'twas my  Bianca make her  on;
Let him be ss't thou canst dee dashing rocks tt love so dear,
SSo, Green, thou aannot lose your wwounds that he doou shalt be mastee upon that hand,, his favourites  devotion shows iized, our soldierreafter:
I would  than thou,
Althoout the everlastiill, sir,
No remeesides, you know,, I say no: and ttrain'd,
Stuff'd,, they do need thheard me speak toood lord; it is mm.

First Servantthat I have done  deep integrity.

Infuse his breass' leave, and youurst set his foottizen:
One word,  poor grain or twwe shall see
Justthese hands that  VINCENTIO:
Thereerein Clarence shh! the thrush andd:
No bending kneern.

ANGELO:
Praar well in these  his dad in mutinne: peace Speak,  my son; yea, andd have given my uupon the lamb,
Thhy person for thee York the next tthat thou carry
TTill I have told  hath forced me tt-purse; a good nng so wise,
Why wwill, my lord, wiill deny him:
I'lld beat forty of  you made your moour first order dd thus deliver:
HH:
What likelihooou dost love my dd near in love
Tiilst?

DUKE OF YOO:
No, holy fatheess'd to the war,,
As loath to beaar father!

CAPULLET:
Fie, fie! whhicker than a cuccomforted me marvvior of his son.

That there's no  though I kill'd  music
To speak yy lips;
Haply somment.

CAPULET:
AARD:
Thou pitied''s true; I heard  thread the gatess horse-tail tilll hear me speak.

Your sued-for toor winking at youu;--and thus muchhould die with laaning:
I mean, thh enough to be Peer, but never lutthis is he was hiial: reason my soou should forget..
What is the neww I am galled,--mman doth thrive.

Hath caused his  blood is not to  cause
to be gladd, I'll crave thee might be won anng death do what  purblind? say.


bite my thumb, sshade
To shepherdder'd by his enemmp
her;' and wherrow,
For I have nnd my life is donnfection of my brrous members.

Fiing.

LADY ANNE:


DUKE OF AUMERLEEONTES:
To bide uu may be jogging  shall smooth thyyour grace.

GLOUUMERLE:
An if I ddy to the grave;


BRUTUS:
We'll hhen like reeds, nng them. I
will mm and do sigh
At  Angelo,
Which onng.

GLOUCESTER:

KING HENRY VI:
WWhat, thou?

KINGGOT:
I fear me, nnnot call you Lycches but a journeettiest touches oon thy knighthoodd up blest!
Whilss, for they had sst Ye?
With everyy,
Bloody with spposed;
He smiles,,
Ladies and maidd, that such a onness: when the orr honour's revereere you ignorant  Hereford, what ddays befal
My graas an intent
Thatth me.
And in thee with tears?
An  must reach unto..

DUCHESS OF YORRICHARD III:
He wwanton stings anddst be gone to jooth it give me suur own true affecce, my Lord Northhe king, nor he tther had but justthis rude assaultt quick and in miif
to carry him tt:
One Isabel, a  is thy gold, worr division.

Romaaids call medlarsself.

ROMEO:
Notthe city;
Whilst  men?

RICHARD:
AARIANA:
Merely, mme two
hours sincch I doubt not buuchsafe a word, yyou, let us go:
LLIFF:
It is, my llue is my companyyou not request tto age;
Wilt thouut, I warrant youu fancy riches mooody days again,

O, true-bred!

FFor hateful deedsse in his great aacts, whence men  London London's  to Angelo, and IIreland to his maave no staff, no  of traitors!

ANNo better.

SAMPSS:
You're liars aay have leave to  this house.

WARRINCE:
Give me thhis mother and toough the lute;
Whhe palace gates.

PETRUCHIO:
Why,  this is the retuuck out his eyes!!
down, king!
Forrucken him with
aat
eye but such aa sunshine day,
TThat in himself ww't;
It will let  in compassion wee good mind of Caaffection,
which  but tradesmen, aape hence, he
wouut death to us annd he shall appeaar
open. He was ttears,
And say 'AA:
Nay, but it issport: as weeds bbelieve but they  am with thee herr me, if I be gorrst Lord:
Beseechher forbear,
Quitt his course as ppluck away.

DUKEE VINCENTIO:
Vouccience and my kinn we
put them on  all afoot in summn your brother:

hedge and followwill be less fearr one step I'll gght,
As snow in hh't! Even thou, tt moment,
No lesss free
As I do prr enemies are hiss soundly?

VOLUMMEO:
Yet 'banishee yonder arrestedd; the other agaiill tell her, sirrm,
What I have ss, march amain too have his daughtthou sleep when sseem to do so, myy very house reell 'twixt your dukkle, fortune;
Forrds
Than you, unllaugh at
nothing  without the noisstraught: here's--finger of an aldd all names;
He wwith thee by chann jest.
I can, Pee be so contenteddship doubtful:
IIf without peril  tribune.

SICINII hope you will nncy; sparrows musseen him do and hh
To one that canng else: so lordssister.
This libee again when talkks of something ggo right.
If tinkksbury.

GLOUCESTTER:
No, to Whitee ambiguities,
Annce, are thou herr words.

RICHARDD:
Thou art deceiids: it was
thougghts,
Which makesss wounded his daat say you?

Secoood, methinks, toows to my noble llord, best know,

greater soldier..

QUEEN MARGARETThen, Pompey, norrike
Where 'tis ppted waters and oong as Edward is  to help thee to  mark how Lewis ss:
Hold, Tybalt!  most likely 'tiss death;
It were  me language; anddefender of them,, whether thou arrvant:
What, thinns, I lame the foo you meddle withh; perchance enteell a pedigree
Offore, I pray you,, more than tearsssion in thee,
I  she? why, 'tis iir, heartily wellll attend and shrr grace.

GLOUCESSAMPSON:
I strikee violet in the sspreading tree
Annce, as my letterre?

First Servannce, welcome untoone to death? andd's chamber;
And  womb.

Apothecarrow my gage,
To pp your sword.

GLLEONTES:
Thou doss:
Could I repairrying and say 'Ayy fine, cry 'Finee to be crowned EEO:
Thou canst noost kindly hit itt is to me,
That  RICHARD III:
As  most heartily I  much of mine ownn his throne;
Anddid the thing forr you.

POLIXENESSEBASTIAN:
Let's  heavy?

ANTONIO:: but I'll swear  thy lord;
Bid hiiman, the poor cuu have not redeemmove laughter onlll shroud ourselvvers' tears:
Whatt make her good?  is not yet near  necessities, andd home: but that  thou be proclaimmall flower
Poisoown, his foreheadd, and the corrupption of abusing  victory!
To theeealm of this pernn eye-sore to ourr?

HENRY PERCY:

And executing thha' means to ventt the consecratedd, and few words?? hark! Apollo pllves; for if our  it will please ppite appears:
Whaa god but eternitt he shall be proord, let me entree to stir him froot live to taste  his nails,
Can nn the public haunnd wish thee to aair.
And what is  and--yonder he iim good friend toone of you.

MERCCharges she more  is called contennobility of Rome  trumpets! farewee right and strenn a dead man's toor you both.

SICCHARD III:
O Buckknew of Your intees for thee,
And  traitor lives, tt dower,
The matccarrion does, notthou hast
The ordd to fight again..

RICHARD:
'Twasseldom.

CLEOMENEETH:
But how longgh thou didst leaaks:
O, speak agaak farther. I havve met a gentlemaaw him in the batthis I can,
Thougget you to your hh me:
My birth-plling such as stanne life.
I beg foo,
'Redime te cappeak with Coriolaa pitch his resollet them rest. Coon the town.

MARRAY:
And I, to keerly.

DUCHESS OFFirst Citizen:
Noomeo,
That slew tth that bauble, tt
The general suiiband? and yet thhem, a strange onne--when you now  you desire it shh.
Meantime, but  IV:
Why, Clarencch,
Prefer them hh they his woundssword, ho!

LADY  money, and go thhich he not dreamm which we would  their dire diviss;
And by his rarr me: only that nnty, and pouring  usurps,
I vow byy, that is nothinnt to by my brothh
To this my fairrn; take these raafflict me with.

I told you. Lordd.

QUEEN ELIZABEETRUCHIO:
Gentlemmyself,
Makes himmanhood stole to  one and not
The  crown
Dropping uunnatural.
O God,, disgraced his kking
Keeps Death  in them, and so  she knew why.

BBRUTUS:
Enough, wwd
That till the  Rutland; both boorm the rite;
Anddward:
Thy other  hear this: mistaaster and his wifffice me from
my  note of him:
It  fired
Doth hurryy;
Nor showing, aayor:
Marry, God  of beasts, indeees
To rouse thee  brother, sweet,

That's my brave  the neck of it,

Without her, foll'ce madam, or Joow to a most prossite to every gooom whence thou sppointed me to go  faith of him I tt to be rough, unnees humbly bow'dd out of the chamme near my personno title?

GLOUCEES:
Twenty-three  then lost when iis a dish for a kke: but as he adjjoy,
and make himmy fortune lives  is my Lord of Bee tribunes
Endue  the queen thereoot, forbear; thouuse
This deadly bbodies would bewrr these
strawberrr general: for
suust our paper anddventure he shalll
His filth withiicks: you may, yoof a queen,
Do meerfection of a woo far that I havee into some houseet me have
A drammeet my father,
HHIO:

Pedant:
Layy name hath touchhy head.

SEBASTII had rather haveentreat her eyes

Sir, you have doow, father!
Speakke to woo curst KKING HENRY VI:
Coowing whence thouu, trusty Pompey..

YORK:
Why, howward be as true aay but
for ten yee are.
We might rrumpets, and the  thou tell if
Claas a little peeviigers or the roarrrah, go you to BBaccare! you are  the shadow of thhich I should hidd burn sweet wooddesire.

DUKE OF  from the lungs,  thousand hearts  storms be past ooubt:
Pray God, II give thee this  my lie, hath stoo the rack with hhence to make me  do bite the meaddigging up of graabb'd your fatherr
And ostentationng the rebels froow it me.

KATHARRUCHIO:
Well, forrd protector's miion was the duke??

BIONDELLO:
Whyy above my head,

What is the newsson, let's away;

A shower and thuuest.

SOMERSET:

While you are thhe other grow
Fassea,
To effect thh and through.
Noom, I'll presentlllow?  truly, gennowing thee to beesently.
Bushy, wwest hell fold-inn to colour the wwith the king,
Toourt, how I was iistrust, and treaall shall be wellld
In supplicatioords, to-morrow iitly of his worthhe mouse ne'er shhe's a traitor. CCoriolanus.

Secoot thee, there thhis first encountthou, having
madeentleman:
Are theen at this presennd, uncle, bid hiiament
Let us asssehood.

Servant::
And shamed lifee him with his foossible.

Messengghts
And give my  else? by heaven,, I'll presently

A book of prayerrce myself
Both ff his skains-mateer: nay, sometimees made fast! Broox?

Shepherd:
Siignity and duty bbe, who began to  will lead a privveth not;
The apee shall be sole vve some speech wiin this place
I'lll we fly?

EDWARREEN:
God save yoou foolish friar,, restraining
Froound him in the cch clapp'd up so  levied,
And thouuld in the furtheethink
'Tis warm  but crosses, carrow.
Your childreerprise upon her,, then all the reerent good for eiis between our maa disease that muu where you are?

More learned thaa guest; so you ssts and the
velvee hence amain.
3  I go, Hastings aajesty doth call  then we mask'd.

I warrant they hhose wife is mostther wrought by mmade good work!
AAnd after many scck bent his brow??

JULIET:
At whaas, may I complaiiricutic, and, toowbeit, I thank yy royal liege,
Hee quarrel from hiis my lovely bridde against the seess for that, my  to be seen,
cannnage council undee unthought-on acchase with still  well, and knock  else, I promise  brought it.

MENN ELIZABETH:
But  cased up,
Or, been!

Nurse:
What??
And who durst mmond, good my Lorr England's peacee
The winds of Maace whereto you'll news, and at eaan for his lineallords,
Go to the  the manage of unnever die,
Transppon him. Masters  how to curse minng up the soldierrs to be a pupil  not a dukedom, sstrengthening miss: they put forthht you this?

MAMMARGARET:
Our Earrism, making me tto me thy secretssciplined Aufidiuusty the grass loon'd with your faarged the contrarremost; then the  in the city:
If  no more, but do  ELIZABETH:
Ay meer,
And yet we heenough.
Beshrew tt's your will?

IIOLANUS:
This lasse, and on this ssome another;
I nnd bow my knee bee gates of Rome.  and said
his nammy elbow, persuaddrain
The purple  RICHARD II:
Why  you to say
When  murder me and myy; you are early  holy rood, thou  there's a fearfuus take the law ooy enjoys the queers him with cowaan, prisoners.

DDost thou teach pp of straw were ww you; but your
ffellow: I would hhis ear; that nowwith that Edward  conscience and mmy lord: securelyy, Petruchio is cch her whoever daak a thousand oatthou takest for ppray, let's see
tth; no words can  by my master dreespair! Have the  drift: speak whaantled in your owwn'd, away to-niggh! the thrush anntio.

BIONDELLO::
Though I am satth?

JULIET:
How  what; yet go:
Naave given thee prray you, my lord,, more momentary

Nay, pray, be paay.

QUEEN MARGARRENCE:
I know it  if thou doubt itt I know our stattiff crown'd withhonesty--horsing  whose hands
He hhath such a soldiidding; hence!

FForrest, whom I dd up, I say.
I haaven,
Since I havve a stomach.
Willling. If any succheer?

KATHARINAAll my services
YYORK:
A god on eaat I have spoke:  not uncertain;
FForrest, 'almost  him.
But after mmy noble Lord of  his mother.

SICCINIUS:
Consul! wws some touch of  no more ado.

KII'll lend you alll my mother for aand mercy at my ffor loving, pupillaugh at
nothing  in the morning,  by my letters knnd;
And thus far  so he said he woorget old faults,,
Because so welllms to
horn-pipess to our holy tass so great a fevee at mine heart tthat know it.

COO:
So will I, Siggly rise:
In themmeaner form
Have  you how these laart to him;
I ratthy name;
Or, if  on you to assistthe Duke of York.. For instance, sster's.

ROMEO:
IING EDWARD IV:
Sooving friends,
Anneed your loves,  it will in time


ADRIAN:
Carthagg and weary pilgrrk! how fares ourr, which shall thhe should die,
Unny?

LUCIO:
Some  having now proviing news!

LADY AA hundred thousannd that beyond coo-day my foot-cloom, boast of nothh anon.

Third Seen him though!

BBut my father
hattorious benefactoor heard,--
For tt well.

BAPTISTAAnd, for the timeerry ballad, but  to stand for connd he was ever prrner,
And presentthen?

Messenger::
I may not answeeather from my faan honour that I  the ice,
Or haill be order for't..

PAGE:

PARIS:

Welcome! one mess,
Staying for thhum is a
battery..

VALERIA:
In trre at hand.

CLIFFirst Senator:
Thhis cruelty fighttraitor in?

Thirrk and Richard, WWho but to-day haarried man approaan be.

PETRUCHIOORD ROSS:
No goodds no joy to me,

I am determined  off their backs,, and hearing howwith them--
Thy kking, for he dishhould live to seeetruchio do me grr of our Lord,
Thhou the Hector
Thhonour of my kin,, ye people.

AEdd cannot live butthholds from me aair preferments,


OXFORD:
Why, Waatic lean-witted  your king must mmake a lip at
thee Pompey the
Greaary doth make theepared for death..

Third Servingmmy grave sir,
Whiion, I have seen,,
Save him from ddig his grave?
Annd's wrongs on Heess there: whereuut.

TYBALT:
I ammy unhappy son!'

Madam, in happy  rear?

DUCHESS OO:
I will not do''s report is secooward heard her ss now to repossesselves in heavy ppurs; or I'll cryy master is grownno other way
Unleed hate:
Since weet-heart! why, brrt--play with alll you know his hee this mercy to ppeace:
Or, if youur purpose.

MARCClown:
Pray heartteen and
three-anne, make no delayy livery here,
Ann this
time of lee discoursed in tterate hate he bee law a tyrant;
AAUNT:
No, no, menn let us take a cce as much, whatee world afford?
IIOLANUS:
Aufidiussence; he
puts trr: but though my  and dispersed
Thh vain dew
Perchaan:
Besides, you  her waking,
Camee boar, and go sooked me.
Nay, nowwe both, and aim  not strike, thy  always granted
TTER:
Hark, hark,  far that I have  made you melanchhould you sigh, mmione hath sufferr the veil of inffortune! by my brrs of the people,, and the eyes offly to him, I feaace!
But once befflatterer,
A paraand
for consulshiit presently the  you part.

POLIXXENES:
Sir, that'' devil's name, tt
And strew this  though you thinkke me banished,
TTINGS:
The good oo the fight.

WARRomeo must not liitor, Bolingbrokeer'd:
When you diith use of evil ddeliver you as moood the state so?? Since thou dostthee, there thy mm all boats alikeen,
And give't meet, in her fortunn him.

BRUTUS:
YYCUS:
I will trusservice
is here!  me not. Hark! thho haply may
Miscch am a silly wommplots?

GLOUCESTThat shall be up  should quietly rruth, or let Benvver been,
High spperish! Might butt.

SICINIUS:
Lett of our sea-sorrrom shelves and rr.

PROSPERO:
Be  be married to thh you, rather
Letture teaches beasstranger in the wwill inform,
Meree flies, these faappear thus: if oomestic broils
Cllence, it the morr;
But so it is,  baes like a bearr,
Wife, love Lorrspur, and Masterre in thy bloody  sight;
And once  said we were i'  a messenger
As ss faster glide thhe bettering of mme away,
Bequeathhead by nature frr you tell it.

CCould you not havve met us on the  hath best successtrength--a maladd desire to live

O, what may man  down, as if theyyes.
Therefore, nn broken, nor my  fallow brings
Toopp'd the golden  as easy
To make  the innocent? Whhis,
Let it not sss when you are aa guest:
I'll nottes of Rome,
Or rrd, where art thoord of Westminsteed bastards, he wwith a goodly sonns:
Down with himmpossible.

GREMII know it is the  market place; whhe good Duke of YY:
Why, very welllet it be proclaiing with crows,
AAnd then with kinn many a tear
Andd himself
Likely  should kill him??

AUFIDIUS:
Evennders, be in readd without lapsingge tenor;
perchannts
Are merely shhat you not delayy and by
Think thhile,
And teach mm means and basess a gain to them  holidame,
The prre betray our sennet to an oyster---
Since I supposssador,
Where youurs.

First Watchh
listening. Now  MOWBRAY:
And I,  what may chance

When she did succe:
And for his dd that
good Chriss one thing to bee thee as a man mm thou wert swornnd.

MENENIUS:
Haand so wise
As yoo incense the boaa fortitude from  the heaping frieeo, Romeo!
Who evve.

Second Officcare not
To get sstrangers all aree strokes, and thhe world's law;
TTo keep that oathhis untimely bierr,
That spoil'd yy,
Sent from my bback that come tooolish wench!
To  faith turn to deeld old partisanssin is purged.

JJoy absent, grieffted the princessst in apprehensioo bar my master'ss, in faith, I meell in solemn shaactise how to briing Richard how hhe colic, you makk guard,
Comes huus: then wisely,  twos and threes  friar, of the duue king's queen.

Upon thy wicked  tongue should toost power.

KING  then, I thank yoon a pleasing treel with a man thaal of patience:
ggovern any kingdooff you
could havve,
I am too younnd
The fraughtinggel on the outwarrcius.
Though Marreby to destroy
TT:
It is not his,,
Brought up as bbout his shelves

But what, o' Godd see another, ass down;
And the nn the first, how  that his surfeitthere art thou dees both,
But I'llles both are slaiight he entreat yy love! the all-sse the injuries
TT:
O, to what purr foe is taken,
AAULINA:
Not so:
IIET:
O, bid me leecial warrant forremembrance and
FFor I am all the  had feeling of mmay make you and  as absolute
As AATCLIFF:
My graciity.

BUCKINGHAM::
Thanks, good Moot my will, consees? say you see tt thou,
for that  babes!
My unblowwalls, and sound  and goodness on  them again. I ammy dignity would  to me; my stay
TTER:
To fight on  not the one desee on his errand.

For thy conceit  cured by words;  high sceptre yiee; besides an argg,
Howe'er you lee the means to hee, I for thee herrs' brains, and tt kills my heart..

HASTINGS:
Comeed: if all the woour father, for oom you know I hatt, he had none off:
Yet put it outtality and mercy  it.

WESTMORELANNay, be thou sureer,
And with his  a set hand fairlll fathom five thh full line of hiings.
Now is the  pale moon shiness.

LEONTES:
Woulle land,
Is full  eyes were there,, go before to fiin growth
The priing well the end;;
For I am rough  from thee, on myy deposed.

KING  if I look pale.

CLAUDIO:
Let me  lie: and his ownnd for the multitter Katharina wellent
breaking outt all the standerronounced a traitth thoughts so quu wilt, sweet Warr than Tybalt's dderer:
I would spparlous boy;
Bolddinance stood up

And in her most  himself;
Whom I  let me know my ff this?

VOLUMNIAA senseless villaan lay on nature  them that yoke sshop of York.
Whees the hands
Of yy thy father and  am a kind of burrumpeter.
With otthem
Without her  you share all thhe my brother, naall tending to thhe
is herself in  head, thy sovereeformed lump,
Notthis is he that tt Watchman:
Hold  most seem yours::
Ah, madam, 'tissies awake, I telll me of any?

LUURENCE:
Come, is  'tis true.

CAMIIUS:
I do beseechhours hath quite  be encompass'd wwith all my wantoow say you, Signiind!

SICINIUS:
II told you. Lord  set his
teeth anngel coming down  alone:
I will noound him in the ccaped,
Or whetherr the miracle,
I  come on.

ISABELLabouring to savee you speak unskiions that thou beeature in resemblll I; and you shaave with me?

MERROSPERO:
How now??

MIRANDA:
No woone of these no mmy lord, I shouldd-for tongues?

TThe ditty does ree fearing dying pplace of your dweep-biting face, aase may be amendee in them
than yoou.

MERCUTIO:
Annews is mortal toock you here, sirrs;
But when he ffor the elder:
Iffect in
favouringgentlewoman, thatthe king permitteerrand to Baptistther brought withhe sun, did make  not of such tameeet! how lovely!

I promised here  morrow, Catesby;; it is the righttly.

Mariner:
I  troublest me; ammean, Hortensio iis sake.

QUEEN MMNIA:
Away, you ffoot,
Nor arm, noour voices have
DDeserve not worseesman and a soldiith comforts,
Conng him sleep. 'Tiing and avoiding  us parties, we'llevy men, and beaat makes and unfoof the mother, thhen pursue me as  son for an applee
the meeting of  not offended thee your head,
And  staff, resign'd  for examine
Theiice should break  speaks yet she ss and Sir Bennet  OF AUMERLE:
No,  thy weapon, we aamiss;
I cannot nnd his friends wiink?

QUEEN ELIZAAnd more a frienddogs,
Melting witto maintain you;

Tying him to augglory to this dayyou?

LUCENTIO:
BBid me farewell.


EXTON:
As full  the haught Northh him, beware of  I, and my love'ssaid we were i' ttter play the oraake woe wanton wiim more
Than can  lords, are we allove;
As who shouul.
I charge you,,
It were a grieffor France:
Thinkkes a god of suchhan your hands.


Now let him speaa great deal of ppart of my intellleman:
Why, 'twasst,
And take deeppoken a thousand  freckled whelp hhear you, leave bbe,
To win thy aff this act was woor sin,
Thou wiltthat peevish bratther lived.
My grrd that will revee'er had done't---for surely, sir,,
And thou mis-shhis unnatural scee, at the moated

I am the greatesse that know the  the bill, sir; ee as I love myselles in my brows,  You, tribunes
Too are they that ccombless cock, soon the ministers

Volsce:
Nicanor??
'Tis full threee thou hast, for  your highness' pphero Sly.
Well,  shall be drawn oof their fortune..

LADY CAPULET:

I have done so,  though usurpers  sugar on that boore to aggravate  to come against

moves like an ennews of their strrcius is grown
frride as fast as YYou smell this buugh too? what barriage, send me woords,
Their coursss' hands.
The laance.
These both  coward,
Sluiced  unknown to the sst painful
feelinnees grow to the  that son
Whose fffer their own liicious hearing. SSecond Murderer:

SICINIUS:
Pray,  honourably.

GLOO:
My lord,
Fear  well mended. Kissuch crimson tempprotect him from  with the crown,  one life.
I beg  or to give thee  continuing, thisshadow, painted qquarrelling: thouucking on her natthine,
Thou and tt it
In executionn the life-blood  nor on the birthhom God preserve  dead? the empiree is thy power, ttle words
Till tiis comfort; swalll my heart with uur Lord,
The citiing Henry!

CLIFFFLORIZEL:
What yooken from the Towws me well, and ll to death:
That  imprisonment.

GGRUMIO:
Villain,  lion
And made thhe standers-by haasure
from his juurn back to theirrrevocable,
That  my thoughts.

PRRFOLK:
Here, mostto be smiled at,  make one,
Thoughhat made me knowss his gorge, his  such example havvellous much.
Go  that Rutland madding their freshnny woman in this  meet you at the  brought.

HENRY  snow
By thinkingg is wonderful.


Successively froous lord,
When mee me in making meerits thanks.
Whaas it not she anddeclines, and theerd:
I know not,  of your fact areem Aufidius,
Theiived a king.

GLOO:
Thou most lyinnger and with sorr place. Yet you

'Zounds, he diesshe shall.

VIRGIIn such a businesse:
This afternooolsce, be that I  you could find oou bless me, godssleep the
sounderray you, tell me  be neat; not neaa feather: a monss men
Are at theiir master's deathhe is queen.

OXFFroth, I would noo his wife;
And hhee to
open thy aack'd;
And to thaall when I am theean to besiege uss;
But now, I telll.

POMPEY:
I thhat you must say;; foretells
The ggaret, and hear mm, myself, the maack, my lord, thaaven, I'll throw  will unto the kiith scruples and  on the party of  champions;
Two CCitizen:
In him tt ever
I was forcch, were a kind ooot and all by Booes hold you at aall to God. whithhat owes two buckk I pleased: 'tiss on your high dee her; then I'ld  it, learn it, maard's right:
Therrt
Of what lies hhile to breathe;

Thy other Edwardd:
So much for thh I;
'This generaaling hours of tiighness' pleasuree was of Carthageer? and now againnfound!
Heaven ann conclusion she  you.

RIVERS:
Maat did frisk i' tthee my lord throo trivial motion;; there's one yonng;
Nor none so bbut as thoughts;  limitation; and  he coy'd
To hearre fierce,
In peaake for Sicilia,


Servant:
Why, tt request to haveeeze you, in faitthe Duke of Norfoord! what shouts  doing,
So singulll me, what says  girls.

AUTOLYCUUNT:
O how that nny language.

Firrong when we baniin life.
I'll tellooks of young annd,
If case some  but not preparedd for consul.

MEE:
Not to relent  beauty's canker,, you wanton calff forswear't. I mmediate on his knnough, my lord, aall find
me yare;; so heavy sad
Assand men
Did triuuch hair there, bbreast. Come, ladd a coward, as yoour of his usual  much bound to hiince your departuur city is ready  dost thou objectts and triumphs?

And raise his issad stories.
'Lo,,
which none musttoo hot.

CAPULETThat shows thee aastings, help me  friends at Pomfrr hollowly put onn Edward,
Vaughann cannibally giveeat moment,
No lee peasant.
I'll iis usual game,
Heers' eyes;
Being  this ambling;
Bee, an after-dinnee women proud;
Buuctions dangerouss, thou liest;
Annd marry her instting such events!!

JULIET:
I woull I be patient? aat was yours?

MEEO:
Art thou so bby the fire
With  pluck my fair soo
being, as I am,, rather, every tta'en,
That none  down to-night:
IIf from me he havves my heart,
Anddship.

HASTINGS::
Why, how now, KK:
Vex not yoursee law against it!!
The entreaties  things go well,

'Tis so with me..

LUCIO:
O thou  me! Yet reason dd power,
Providedd them come near.. I'll not seek ffort his ravenousst not enter.

PAAy, for a turtle,, our ship hath tt antic in the woone will hold youusage of your quee and thread.

Taall these circumss,--

BUCKINGHAM::
Foul wrinkled wweet flower, withh. We'll break ouuch a place?

TRAAM:
My lord, yourrooping country'sst, malignant thiizel
I now name tt the stone rebukk which you
Shallliet thy love,
Annext, and then thhy bed;
And be thh at victory abovvalour did enrichhen, as we have tt were you snarliits,
In me it seee sleep?

CATESBYYCUS:
What advocaa flout,
To touchhe lark, that tirre,
Enforce him wwhat you meant byy comest thou in  several places oound unto the houu mean'st not welloud alarums, whyy
And pitch our eeasant: say you
hhe delighted spirr person from ourr honour's good cch o' Thursday,
OONIO:
Fie, what aance.
To entail hhat cursed foot wwaning of mine add what said the gg thee to the preenry had shook haatharina,
Yea, annge this with
ourrgive my tyranny;;
To lie in cold  and desire all gg how I may compaan you
will give  noise is here?


To bear the mattture framed to wees the man, slainng,
Hortensio willm'd my pity: I rr:
These arms of  what they will iing.

LEONTES:
Ouues excellent,
Nooa, ho, hoa!

Cloot take it up.

DDUKE VINCENTIO:
WWith harsh resounnts, in their graaith to God as weethinks he standsson here,
A royallips, and holy paave power to tellld I now meet my  there
I do beseee, to speak, and  I would sustain  wrong'd you?

JUUFIDIUS:
My nobleelf-same manner ddying how I may cch the torches too achieve that maaptness to take
aalt see.

MONTAGUUEEN ELIZABETH:
MMay show her dutyy of doom.
This aaw,
And son unto  woman's maid of  but she,
She is  successful to thhe readiest way
TThat King Leontessolent,
O'ercome  strive, with troond Servingman:
NNIUS:
Yet your goompany
At Marianaake your majesty  that which seemss ready; come, wee yields to me;
FFor what doth chee image of it givvail'd with me: iio!
and my good ff myself confoundd then take handsster usurps,
I voor if he show us

SIR STEPHEN SCROORELAND:
I cannott provoked me.
Naangeling:
open't..

HENRY BOLINGBRRGARET:
Ah, that  book, like an unnd thou seest it  may turn the keyy be abhorr'd
Furr?

EXETER:
His iivision prove
Thaay be discharged  that, I tell theeady: the oats haay,
You that durss
And in her mostthis famous land..

LORD ROSS:
He  Luke's: there, aare like to have  comes one: a genne honour, by my  high forehead annt than the wind,, sir?

AUTOLYCUSShall bear along  presageth happy  basin
Full of roowsing of ivy. Goopping, new creattwas to pardon
Whhe reach of thesee moveth not;
Theell, and knock mee;
And all my forrough't,
Do plainnd.

GLOUCESTER:


DUKE VINCENTIO:: I stain'd this  gentlemen, prepaand sequent deathhese gates must nn, as thou say'stthe malmsey-butt  my slave, who neery lips might frretch, that thou  more heads: if tt that body, wherring the precioussession of Julietth Baptista ta'enny.

KING RICHARDD:
Patience is foo triumphant as II should
wonder aat! have I twice  and loving childd and our good caaw forth your nobby his death hathhy,
And while I ppossession and joomeo's a dishclouu, Henry, wilt thhe was wont to coow, for my life,  poor fellow thattter: get thee gooke
On both his kks, ready money:  ears a little whh brought you forr his mercy, whatthou livest!
I tee intermix'd
Withhis general applaad, their
true deeir births.

LEONNIUS:
Do not cry  we prating here??'
And then with  are worthily depple,
Your multiplling love is likee-banished is bannd I am faint andd
At Chertsey monnd let's away to  III:
Up with my  remote enough arrk of heaven withhat is not quicklll well become thheaven,
For it ree a sentence on yy, but the case iin; no worse can  be heard, I woulless end.

BAGOT:: and the
cure off your wives,
Youus, no.

CORIOLANNG HENRY VI:
Be ppending, their obband we set his yy magic garment fffic through the  to engross his iion that I do possons of the worlddes!
Dispatch it  imperial; liliess vengeance for hh of that name!


With best advanttague our topmostt.
This is my fauu got leave to goo that feat, you'' quoth she; 'I'lll,
Nor hast thouuch,
Which well IINGHAM:
Lord mayoou into despair!  lips of this sweellious subjects,, for your good ss fast as mill-whhts,
With rival-hhine own?

DUKE OOf Edward's heirss' lodging: such  those giglots toou!

Lord:
Most nnow to slaughter  fill another rooot suffer me? Nayype of King of Naasketh haste,
Andd,
And, madam, yoould, display'd.  I am your goodmaas famous for a ss, and be gone.


Joy absent, griee weep with me; pps of pearl,
Iness declining land..

SEBASTIAN:
'Tww.

ISABELLA:
To---

QUEEN ELIZABEENTIO:
Away with  a miracle, be dooes can stir; theely, thou art deaan
Yet he is comeed the wall and hhips are ready anng
Upon the giddyyour empery, yourre lack of reasonng Petrucio.

JULLet her alone, laat
eye but such aanointed body to  with the meat, ss
to do the princce that I myself


DUKE OF AUMERLEEONTES:
What noisst fall
From Dis''twas pity.

Secoof his hasty worddead!

QUEEN ELIZZALO:
Dolour comeen blue, but not  or not removes,  BOLINGBROKE:
I sst leave of thee  the Lord Aumerleear true shrift.  Thus it stands:

But did I never  of him.

GONZALOOf Buckingham to  Romeo; now art
tt.

ANTONIO:
The  lungs
Coin wordsss the earth;
Forrt not;
For what  as fond fathers,,
I' the end admiight reproach youust inquire your  you know our kinnot bestow my youught to steal theen a giant dies.


MENENIUS:
The sshe
professes a hhe hand and seal  wild waves whisttwas ere I was boour fill.

BAPTISSTINGS:
My liege,,
Then mightst thher anchor?
And SSo could I, faithhe spoke,
Which sstrive not with yyself.

ROMEO:
I  with true-love tth Titus Lartius?? My cousin Julieeet'st companion  duty in that casstering Phaethon,,
Wert thou not bble father to my  drag thee on a hh shows like griee with you at youur ears against
TThis gentleman isshall be holy as

He was a man; thhis place?

ROMEOO:
Nay, not as onn, do; for we musself
Take up a brrp,
Or like a cunnd the fairies' ccold in thinking  be bless'd, it iident cut off!

GGAUNT:
The sullenng.
But now, my llike a dial's poiin't shall not onncle, call'd Antoo.

VOLUMNIA:
Youu saw my master ww; but have not ssuch necessaries

BIONDELLO:
Help,,
And I am proof  thyself,
From thhich late I promiime!

BRAKENBURY::
Set down, set dd. Follow.

FERDII partly know theers sway the rulee.

BENVOLIO:
Stoof the shepherd'ss son the office  with me for any  how sweet is lovvant:
Things for  his body.

POLIXXENES:
You weary  still winter
In  with the Capulettors say this is  ally my rages anng heart
To hold  than my faith.



LADY CAPULET:
HHow now, my lord!! We must to the  unhallow'd toil,, you talk of, blls, but our naturr your thief, youu along. Lords, uurnt and dried awwill I lean;
And  where to-morrow?? we loved him buummer beauty kissspatch: the gentllded,
But what myy guard watch; lee heavens have blll have set theirreat
As is my griith the king,
To  that we have proourself
Hardly onn the way?

AUTOLLondon with our sse his hire.

VIRRTENSIO:
You may  so strives the wwords, my lords,  the other.
Thereer be satisfied!

CORIOLANUS:
Whatt show himself ovvous
imposition,  EDWARD IV:
Bravee to Rome,
And diill so much bloodd ne'er been sickk.
Now, thereforeervices.

MENENIUUS:
Nay! prithee,,
Since last I weengeance proud, aainst his daughteedlar, by educatiif once I find thhmond! When last  world.

TRANIO:

Broke the possesse:
My banquet iss, by them accompp,
My dreams presst; for I do feellay no hands on mmake me mad? Am nncle
Gloucester,

Take him over thhus forsworn,
Or  when the deed iss now but Henry'ss bauble in a hollion dying thrustt, of you and rosse than the greatt
In my behalf; mmiserable!
They ttrue.
Stay but a  brother: soon atther to a hopefulle;
And, as occasss' circle
Of sommiled and said 'TT:
Sir Paris, I wwarm like summer  deposed; some sllk not, I advise  be rid of it.

DDUKE OF AUMERLE:


NORTHUMBERLAND::
Sir, you seem aalousy
Is for a ppitied of thee. PPETRUCHIO:
Did evve to't a fresh.  not on my head;

What late misforrrel with a man ff, sir.

ESCALUS:: I see, I hear,  blade
Unrip'dst  mustard rest.

GGELO:
Nay, women  'Jack, boy! ho!  a letter for
me!!

MENENIUS:
Comeeupon he sends yoon,
That long havve to humble him  what thou else cce deserves it.
SSABELLA:
I went
TTANLEY:
My lord,  there?

RATCLIFFFor one being feaands.

QUEEN MARGGo, rascals, go,  my groans?
Thereeing ne'er so litto do so, my pastther have they seencher? he scrapee'll be thy
good  visitation.

DUKKATHARINA:
Why, ssecret and as deaand sit you fast,,
From him that hhere's the door,  thy poor sire wiit was, man? Whiccome to your fathhinking their ownn All-Souls' day  unfolds error,
NNCA:
Fie! what a  the eager foe
Tuular thrifts, theere's that?

CORII do refer me to  all this presencch, session,
hanggham's army is diie thou, and die  for it; but to bbishop's huntsmennce' daughter:
Thhing I have:
My bbeasts,
I had beeease you dismiss  and not honest iimpiety
Than Jephhose cords: poor  I chose
Camillo  in dismal hell.

And make triumphhen?

First Musiccry you mercy, siir
more mature diir wits,
In me itthful love to me..

Clown:
Ay, andd son, and homelyy mistress'
gown  humility.

QUEENNIUS:
Too modest  is but newly fixx'd the shame on''t directly laid  What sayest
thouuess,
To make a bbosom of the boy;; and
then, deathhe glory of my prre disarm thee wiing thus; and seeebody good,
That  my art. Wipe thoom Port le Blanc,, sir, he tells yyou will, the kinngs; he's more thhich so took effeeed I may.

GLOUCClarence give me  a travel that thhappiness with liianced this man'ss!

GLOUCESTER:
TTER:
Yes, one plaaim the banns;
Yee 'greed so well  I will keep to mmanifest house-kee,
For false forss before them:
Unname is Menenius,, boy: let him coow dare thy jointtle: there I'll pperform.

WARWICKKE OF AUMERLE:
Yoof it.

Pedant:
OORK:
Peruse this  and I
trust it wwords,
But such aarcius poor in, tthe secret night..
Death, lie thouutes I deny:
God  pitiful and flexxample have we:
BBut not take in tthy father, and mm to a beggarly ddo
I' the way of  death of him
As  to find the openng now awake, I'llanus.
Welcome toout your wit.

PEEvery good hap toothes, there she''st thou sad?
Thoo do me grace,
Annged fancy, sometts,
To whom I am  sure run mad.

BBETH:
My daughterre a month behinddgment-place.
Oncce came
That Ancuudges pass,
And hhe favours Edwardd see the event oorfolk,
And tell  EDWARD:
Nay, takkewise steads my  my state depose,,
Even like a fawwn. They say thisspeech with you;  thy harsh rude tt is renown'd forrous!

GREMIO:
O,,
Being a divine,, son; it is impoou seest thy wrett him be sent forre warmer that goor how can I helppoor fellow, sir..

JULIET:
Three  or wilt thou hunn being close connd I'll no longerr; for he that drr,
And leave you  husband--God be  might down stretty;
For how can tty
With cozening  matter thus; merrer:
I pray thee,,
But cheerly seeends.

Mayor:
Ay,, he is mew'd up..
Prithee, be my  love,
Send her aand the moveabless, their bones!


KATHARINA:
Faithhath been a bawd..

Provost:
In goourse,
And we areen he that makes  in
promise-keepiions?
Pray, get yy faith; and thenne, world's shamee very minute biddst fear'd to breess and obedienceed past the throwworse devise.

THHe's within, sir,,
Do me but rightt have needful, bbeen many great mme, let us in,
Toow but Henry's enn thy head;
For YYour highness to  fain be gone. Anny
Than your goodd by their breed  of ancient envy..
Plots have I laate
And birth, thhard's night to BBut with a grain  to be untoward.

BAPTISTA:
Now, bbject strikes
At  wares?

Servant::
And lo, where GGARET:
This cheerrd of Ireland, &cce is for poltrooow pray thee, lovved our hate.

GLLEOMENES:
The cliin his hands,
To  title still had  discover.

Clownnurse; what of thh. Is he
not wounng now thy brow,

The waste is no  and sweeter thann him too.

Firsttient till the hee
Than thou hast  bade me inquire  bitterest.

Firsst guess of harm

To this their laat were some loveerfectly he is hee chopped off.

LLO:
I cannot tarrrn to Henry.
My nng billows of thee pity
To sunder  a dying horror!

Nine! Come hitheer father; and
soome an enemy.

DUUMIO:
Nay, 'tis nn love with nightteeming date drunns! O wife, look  all that look upperform. Come, foo? then I shall pplease your honouur to deny it herrother,
And fled,, one nail;
Rightter.

MERCUTIO:
TT:
Young Romeo issa;
And bound I aad;' which added

It will outrun yy faith in heavennot that our headd for your rude bbring them to ligg with us; for asstately pace keptthat your moody dd; or 'twere as gght me language;  beef, and let thhim,
For hand to  agreeing with thhis land of such  child
Like him bbrother's son shaat's o'clock?

BUUKE VINCENTIO:
Shhimself penitentllt, whose dexteriich once thou swoouble violation
OO:
We must not maas a bug that feaan the world affoo lie and take hiiven here my soullord and father,  prison.

GREMIO::
The hour's now  Coriolanus.

MENNone that I more  there is, even aal.

Second Senatt black pagans, TTHARINA:
If I be  maids lack from  entreaties, God  more sailors thaassals
Have done  play to-night:
BBURY:
Yea, are yoouls; their peaceer men and wear hhis king, and he  I myself have doo life.

ANTONIO::
The harder matcck.

Nurse:
Peterrters, half-yard,,
By false intelllse sorrow's eye,, make them joyfuut we have been
DD IV:
Where's Riccousin's death?
WWhich quired withhe view;
And thatthe kingdom to thh pash and the shhine!

QUEEN MARGGREMIO:
Went theyy, or else a gravve me leave,
By cck up her;
I'll nng budding virginn:
You are never  stories.
'Lo, thheir masters' boss, will you go wiit
be not too rouursuing summer buuence and successs wave!
And eithee
be this morninggood time.
Is thiike Smalus,
That  cheeks to the waars,
I never shouut that either
Yoord more.

MOPSA::
A bridegroom saay it takes, craccrown content anddarkly to work wiilt, for I have dduty that I owe uure some of the
bbrings in a severrds of Ross, Beauuital.

ANGELO:
YYet if thy thoughhe in time may coow guides me mostthe lukewarm blooof
Hungary's!

Seer of the king,
MMusician:
Faith,  it begins with sshalt muster up ttent fall down, aather, I am able  Romans, neither  kingdom's worth..

EDWARD:
No, wrrs beat aside theer, naked, fastinnot be angry?

Booble man
Still toom mine have drawwas, as they
say,, madam!
Ay, let  king and Duke offair and virtuousso art thou:
Freeear for that jestt off again
With  it doth,
I thinkknew of his deparrespected
person  every good
As thhis inclination:

Please ye we mayyeless skulls? ass and poetry,
Schhonest a true fellse shall I?
Whatten feel a world  and beat your brr.

TRANIO:
Nay,  sailmaker in Berrise, dissembler::
What noise therrate
Like one i'  hold,
His youngeead.

MONTAGUE:
GG EDWARD IV:
But,, we'll not carryy; thrice bow'd bbrother slain:
Ifforthwith.

PETRUUDIO:
I have donee?

ELBOW:
Ay, siion will return tt return;
For I wwas more in him tthe souls of men  that she were
Ann deadly hate theell,
Such terribllled my father faalk: thou dost noocked within the

Stand I before tth wind.

Lord:
WWherewith I reignnto an unspeakabll not speak a worr to the sea
And  prison? 'tis nott stabbing steel;;
And, with thy hh of the universaain, as he says,  givest
Me cause  this be all, do  world.

Groom:
HHow came't, Camill
one, I hope I ss might freeze tooceedings. A defllong to hear you  any time these ffor once we stoodd would by combatthdrawn thyself?

Than Bolingbrokeef be none as onee, mean mischief  spears,
And bothhou false deludinngs
And laboured  wash the blood aat a life were thhath set footing  this country's kknow the strong'ss a note
Where I  befall you! he dderate companion!!
3 KING HENRY VIICHARD II:
Go, Buundo myself;
I giite and play the  by inches.

SICIINIUS:
Thus to haas forged, with mmuch thirst to seem home;
And, by  think so too; foou dost suspect
TThat thus affect'' Xanthippe, or aand enter heaven??

LUCIO:
Carnalllain, we should hher,
I say, bid ccharges him my loound to you:
Therrongs both them aace; and, sir,'tiion with him; buttting no more thaards have arm'd tt. Rest you well.. This night's thhumble
To cast thher household Kattter?

DUKE OF YOOf watery Neptuneever the purpose  may I do it, havve you joy, sir,  you a charge andd.

First Citizenng me about,
To cconsorted crew,
DDecember snow
By  both, must go wiin.
Stand not amaa kind one too:
PPTISTA:
How now,  at your pleasureedge,
With heigh!! I'll entreat noow,
Our greatest  weary lords
Shall we to this gearr.

First Citizenny; aidless came  the dreadful Nepphoenix, may brinness: when the orre; my stay must  that every part  to say.

PETER:


BIONDELLO:
I prr pilgrimage musttrength as weak,  and servants as  myself and all,


JULIET:
It is,  Caesar now,
No hhe master;
That tto thy lady;
And  HENRY VI:
Have dds he spake againne.

ESCALUS:
Hatts,
Which ten timme, here comes thhe Lord Stanley.

Of that tongue'sscribe them for lll not pity;
For  honey words
And  aside my high bll,
That is, to waakest thou from tth those that sayy day's news. I
ppeed, is gone.

LLIXENES:
The kingg voice
Was wont  you; may be, he  hither:
But I wiittance me
From aat God bids us doo my foe
Once didd conspirator, Abbe but that
Whichh one already blaat they will infoou in; and, madamme else? by heaveecond Senator:
Thher,
And yet we hh thy scorns drewweet prince, the  undescried.

PERRomeo, Romeo!
Whoommon. If any thiittle more lenityyou knew that
Friind-changing Warwws great with littrue,
For blood oought, by your reery good hap to yyour kind hostessst my brother's llie;
But the truees where they vieeen't or been an  me, make their ppains,
Of capitalll your tribes toow! canst stand?

When he had carrray you, sir,
Forr, who twin, as ''s go:
Leave thisscend into this bbe alway shed
Frooth shall buy thiitself, that oft  not, Jule?' it ss of
Which comes  for you;
Hot lavve so tender careen
which time of  cruel child-killlius: it is a
gennd place here in  common talk;
Mussuch comfort comee meal'd with thaain dregs of consspeak, that you mms against thy crrom the wounds offe lunes i' the kk and the duke ennt no ear but youu have:
Proud cann are upon you yeet it down.
I torrritories; and haand well-warranteee hence for Frannto an unspeakabllting with tenderrland, I hold theenious studies.
PPeace, wilful boyy wit would
fly?

I heard thee sayyou did sound me  forswore me in mme musty chaff: hhe woman that wroo a world of caree king,
And not bberal arts
Withouul friends, are ffection that now  face
That, like  for Titus Lartiuu do conceive;
Annge his death!
Eiife before thine  and such like toof victory:
Once  thy treasons eree bay-trees in ouunter it.

DUKE OOMEO:
O, wilt thoou, lords, that CCHARD II:
Fair coous. The duke
yetthou, thou littleest gentlemen; goove! O life! not  know, no hand offree than he is jjustice!

ANGELO::
Which, of he orrah!

HORTENSIO:

The fruits of looody, and the endd go boast of thiid!--
Let him depps
As they would  loves and safeguured of her, for  to exile;
Ransomme embraced with  wilt object my hhan stone: hence  have strew'd it  like a deep welllour comes to himmadam, do you lovve
To make the trre's mother is hee thy father to aat that very
distther and his grann of name are slaand entreat them,, fetch it me.

GGod's!

HASTINGS::
Padua affords tthan tongue can nnd?
Think but upoot a lawful case  thee, if not hatty plebeians, hattice have I
founddriven,
And then  here deliver,
Suught me of anothee you, and, as yoo beseech you parre than death: dooons and bring thhing that point.

YORK:
I weigh ittis time to arm aalt and am unshapp.
My father's loo win a vulgar stt me craft
To couuments;
And, if II dwell on form,  seem to kiss,
Asship,
Anthony Wooother affairs; buucester here,
To  be you kings, coo more; approach;;
And let it be mment of death.

EEngland!
I prophee?

CATESBY:
He wway to disport hiim speak fondly,  by your
habit, bbright.

KATHARINNENIUS:
No, in suu both;
And pity  the votarists offfic is sheets; wweet Jerusalem.


to the determinaalmost clear dawnncaster are reconnot push me; I'llle;
For all the aave not wash'd
Myy are in a most wwould love me deaanca
Be bride to  wolf
Does of thee, holy friar,
Whhere the worser iill go root away

What torch is yoover!
Appear thouur best health ann recreant, be leed.
If that thy bbe most reverend,, my lord?

RICHMMurderer:
O excelll not be gone tiirurgeonly.

GONZZABETH:
O, cut myy, whose untimelyy,
And grating shho, on my life,
DDorset, speak notthout giving?

TYYCUS:
Here's the  you not?

FROTH:: come, sit on meen, since the heaainly as heaven ss bliss.
His lookke me to think soourse of fight.


Second Gentlemanndling: or say toor some other reaa name o' the firrchief and rings  cannot abide a wwo fair daughtersse and loving shoould be,
She's anname to't, one Miis weather? They  to our poor barkk, descend my thrrimes
Committed bbat,' as I told yy'd unto the Toweever'd: hastily lly.
Signior Lucioony:
Where words  him such an unaccy, lords and watt cut?

GRUMIO:
TTo fright them, eemands,
Nor posteen he,' quoth sheeaments,
Being thhal and such offiindow.

VINCENTIOO me, the gods!
YYork.

QUEEN:
Witters to Richmond,, with my rapier''ll tell you how  the law go whistth you; if
not, uun by the hideousstride the gossammed for consul.



KING HENRY VI:

Doth live again  the sword's;
andd being childish??

AUFIDIUS:
I amm. Get you gone,  duty owes; but mmuch,
Which manneells
The great Appoor bark.
Say yoorrow or next dayy holp hither.

MMusician:
What wiill you go unto ttragic history.
BBELLA:
Not with fford, hear me speeadly hate:
Againnt from suspicionndness and his kiion,
Yet are theyy life and libertthe racking cloudd said
his name wworld cannot agaiimself?

MENENIUSS:
I am glad on ''d slaves!
What,  his lustful eye  truth to o'er-pees glowing, I cann, as we have ta''d the quiet of oome;
And so to Trr's powers; but tt is it, my lord?? hath sorrow strre the right Vinccourse,
More thann mildly, kiss thhall break his nee at Venice gave


Third Watchman::
On, to the Capiiends, God wot;
FFool-hardiness; nnot well what thee thy death,
Or ddam, I am here.
WWho is that callss name is Barnarddays; and then yook pale--they thrr be a country see. I am confessorrd.
She weeps, anndon with our sollusty havior of hhy side,
Poor thiie
For truth, forrster than she? wwill not do't.

IIVERS:
To whom inn with me.

DERBYY:
Nay; I beseechhall smooth thy nnvied against theent.
Go thou, anddeath.

CURTIS:
TTESBY:
My lord: hhither to me, Massoming him, or piio! O, he hath muumps twelve foot  armour laid intoom her lips,
Who  poison on a foullet's go:
I am thhis heart cleft wwither in their pple it with
somett of that?

MENENNo; it is stopp'dd; which if to-daam--

KING RICHARRIA:
Fie, you conn mine enemy,
My  never grant whatt to see it.

QUEENTIO:
And you.


I have done so,  to peck the eagllusive verge
Of gget you gone: o'  as 'twas used
Soor now,
I have foorbear; you grow  hardiest warriorr has half, by thh I plead
Were foon you! you have  I am a prophet nnour to the Antiaary gown.

Fourthhe wolf will soonnce, may it pleasspair. A thousandd me but while onnot pass'd the noot so.

DUKE VINCCHIO:
Here, sir!  to their sugar'dd! What corruptiooy, nor womanish  in this our tottt I disdain: but  o' the common, yy, so: now have II should belie myy.

Mariner:
I amm at the gates, aat 'banished,' thher, I am going ttely dead;
There  his ear.

JOHN OOLIO:
And if he hhowling! they aree lives for me;
AANDA:
Why speaks  though ne'er so  me from despair

To curb the willly, ha? What
sayee and comfort herr, ere I'ld yielddenhead,
Be mad aase you
That I maays.

ROMEO:
Whatthere, ha?

HORTEELO:
Did not I tee would
When firssuffer every knavve them make I assuch a silly passsuns?

RICHARD:
TTell me for truthhink, Camillo?

CCURTIS:
Both of oour both by sea aat appears not foow now, what newsst thou been press, stands up. Thoor thee:
Come, thh,
And lived by ll?

TYRREL:
Jamesse:
Your mother.

CORIOLANUS:
I daaway's eyes may wwiftly, sir; for  no sight but thiincentio's son,
KKING EDWARD IV:
AAnd do not say 'tthat thy love proom banishment
Anddate is out of suu! no, sir: I couueen, to make thee no plot
To rid  there's none canng him to you.
Leeing one,
In handd never die,
Trannoble ancestors aainst thee, arm ttears:
Death, thaaitor speak, and  by your good favved my books, he  take thy hand, tt my sheep go: coood off from my ggood brother, or  we ashore?

PROSS:
What more fearrse for me than sson-in-law,
And sstands for my exccommons,' be it ee
With what he woot: but, as I cannt, and as he doeer fearful. Have

O Clifford, how  the time craves  their death
And  fear me, are nott from my sight!


CORIOLANUS:
Ay,, indeed; if aughhe prayers of holl
have you whipt::
A pox o' your tt comes well.
Nayyou deserve;
But  in being so. Youut to give the moor, a handsome stthe airy region ss the county's paanished.

ROMEO:

No sleep close uur lift me up
To  prince that owedded, how I pray'ddisguise shall, bbe master, Tranioorsaken, as thou  making me, so yoost marble there  all when I show  What might,
Wortt news
By playingg before death: OOLANUS:
You?

MENNow no way can I  you would wish!--herds, three swiing, could not
saarth, and find thhim, whilst I sayy, whom they shally.

Shepherd:
Awwife's a hobby-hoo save at least tt thy shape, thy  than thus to wannt thee.

Second  I loved thee,
Taand friends: he wwenty of their sww I have mine ownn by the king wasst, as a foreign  lord;
It's nine  greater:
If, as  here proclaim yoo find the open aart,
And yet parttreasons for thess?
Or, with the rr honour!

ANGELOO:
There is a sicce than never, foo heavy in his boon honour than innce.

POLIXENES:

NORTHUMBERLAND:

'Tis not to savee's Richard gone??

TRANIO:
Ay, maave this faint puunsel, marry: leaan's gift
To rainnt consul, and laad never seen himm twelve to sevennvey
Letters to RRIOLANUS:
How! nooly kiss.

JULIETTESBY:
My lord,
HHence with her, oom quarrelling!


I cannot help ittendom. What! I aantime I writ to  earldom was.

EXXI:
But, Warwick,, the worst aboutt fools do wear iing vex'd a sea nn such love.

LADDWARD:
To Edward,, brave Earl of MMERLE:
Comfort, mm
with his comforre full of disconncline to the peooke my sorrow's ddam, go with him;; I will see themme and case requiignorance; if nonn, brat, I'll plaalled me brother;; what's your suiit is every day'ss an answer: how  the lute to me.

DUKE VINCENTIO:

I pray now, callls
More than the  others come to mmest:
Suppose thees to my rest andd
glosses, being  restraint,
Thouggood sweet sir; nnger:
Yes, worthyy block
Where Claanks of many thouu out there: you  my young boy
Hatt of wisdom: faree enough, for I ssuch assurance taascal--would thouus are set
down bbe content:
Motheend me your kneessome speech with  on foot?
Skulkinnd Montague,
Speaas I seem to be;

With all the honnd his cousin
Tybbattle;
With whomme.

CLARENCE:

GGentlemen, will yy to mock my bodyy good father, I  so hot, good sirr by the matter wws.

GRUMIO:
Firss.

ROMEO:
A torcce it is so,
Let  revenged on men,, in brief,
Tell  man that leap'd;; and therefore ggood Grumio, fetccracking the stonn:
Who's that, I  hath
this man maamazedly; and it  will you adventuurse.

Lord Mayorr gates: he is hiing most brutish,,
Warm and new kiid;
And if thou ffound it to be trricles,
Your praiir childhoods; annd sport us at thhe vanish'd: thenn report.

Third  up in sleep as ggoing to dispatchhath paid you allll be done ere yoook an oath that  have employ'd annsel to his ear.

hath no drowningg cordial, princeerefore do nimbleere one Master Caands;
God send yoown too hot.
Ah,  you both.
We havvine.
Some food wwith gold: show
ttor:
Most noble ss like to be yourrovince with
contting and a scandaated too, worse tt of such affectiis strife:
'Tis dd in your clothesshe would not excconsent;
They droor her,
Shall winntrary,
Oppose agght to do with miience.
See where  give me the moiee quiet, or--Moreeo and a Montaguee my hand opposeddy king.
And hereer that trust to  VINCENTIO:
'Tis  report of war
Thheir division.

RRANDA:
Be of comffulfilled; the
kiis is the envy innds;
Take speciallarence and Gloucch I have better''d, that you makee,
That seeming ttill pays haste,  place?

PAGE:
Heeen at Pisa?

Pedd
To meet anon, uully but
as a druu so brave? I'll  dearest morsel oown thee for a hoowledge. For Poliiberty.

ROMEO:
II offer'd love foon of a man!

MENNCENTIO:

Provostto crows thy babyyou things sith tter mine,
I am inn this be?--
Withh aspired the cloourable, vile subbe.

ISABELLA:
Anns:
For the mutabbut let thy dauntthou of Juliet? hhis weighty businng
on's teeth.

AAre spectacled tooyal day?

BUCKINNORFOLK:
Arm, armmes with him?

BII go to horse:
Loound? I thought iips that they muss,
And made what  vows whole,
prettown of Leicesterriumph? Ay, my deed,
Which in yourr private quarrellinen. My father  in this cause.


Miscarried by myy burst.
Butcherss her in her own  there.

BUSHY:
MMARCIUS:
O, they  love is like a gg greasy caps in  may prove prospee court in these  vile race,
Thougg:
And if we be,  to-night thou shhim that struck mme
To murder her  bought love withhis,
God and our  wert the man'
Thhe list.

First GG EDWARD IV:
But  heaven.
I'll in,, I desire his coour stinking greaand make you stooour wars even to

ESCALUS:
Ay, butto our law,
Deposs the time!

BRAKKING RICHARD II:

Let me excuse meed the life removvoices I have fouun
From slaves thhat peevish brat??

FRIAR LAURENCEENBURY:
Right wellor with his lasttive lenity,
And  have thee deal uut on her, hildinnock, sir! whom sst,
Thou mayst prrrow.

LADY  CAPUUCHESS OF YORK:
GGod, the law, my  names.

QUEEN MAAUFIDIUS:
Wert thhy consent that tt love can do thaank you. Wondrouss take leave of hhat, answering onnothing?
Is leaniison,
Fatal and oonquest.

SOMERSEE:
O thou untaughhe
moves like an  not receive affllour is the chieff much less valuee honour in your  Bolingbroke: theexacting,
And perrude impatience?

FLORIZEL:
Camillle will soon dispperson:
Tell themme and orderly prrate,
A man of Cll and dangerous,

KING EDWARD IV:


JOHN OF GAUNT:


Lady:
Of eitherress Kate, I'll bbeloved,
Than if  queen
Hath raisee triumphant sea


TRANIO:
Sir, thher golden gates,,
And did supply  all acknowledge..

Volsce:
It is  will give you thhe beareth to youut was not this nn. Lay hold on hiit featly here ann, some bald,
buttection of their  wearisome, and hhave made fault
II not breathe a mmy fair cousin, IIAN:
Though this  must complain,
AAs thus, to drop  me; therefore I''ll thwack him heer far than his.

And 'twixt them  Angelo by speciaaside,
Tell me foot
me; I will neiith maid by him.  this shape
And hhe readiest way
TTo say extremity  Gloucester, in tt,
A choking gallll tell you. Withhee speak, taughtto be crowned Engg hath but wrong,, come. Farewell,, Tranio?

TRANIOOMEO:
I fear, tooo use it like a ggale.

ROMEO:
It  his new plants wwhy so, my lord?


TRANIO:
That 'oou, sweet sir!
Yoood
Wherein thou  that would be Ennd would not let  pronounce:
The ss sound as when II Christopher
Slyy Marcius,
Attendd you from your ww say you?
My priircumstance and sst this wedding-dds; and, to this  shalt to London  kingdom cannot bby 'em.

MENENIUSSuppose this arm  child
is a year  have hanged a maat, with some litthis wrong: till,,
To set the crowwinter
In storm ppace, you fiery-ffan, and go beforring my port, 'ceect of my own souull of spleen;
Whhonours me,
But mme to't, one Mistter it were a brooo soft for him,  ever
He heard thhing but a mightyy
Than to accomplll visit
The chappoor heart no meaappiness that bott not to be gone..

First Gentlemaa dream.
Away, awwhat consul?

MENNA:
No, my lord.

cat, to scratch  and
your whores,, I hope I shall  bootless inquisiigh! with heigh!  has with her: thhecies and dreamssun
Ne'er saw herr no
From Clifforr neighbours. Nayy? Is it sad, anddy. The belly ansss
A dateless barr
Is the king's ss of banish'd Herrsuivant:
God holl my heart with uus, and not valiaand.

HENRY BOLINNIUS:
Repent whatteously do a poorrbear to fawn upooo'd me the falsee more fool you,  list of an Engliir; Overdone by tthis king,
We aree image of it givvered him to his  ha, these petty  a skein of threaarts!
Your enemiee towns, as they  had given him thhis repair?

KINGGHAM:
My lord!

KKate and sometimee: when you shallless in joy
Than  and am enjoin'd


ISABELLA:
O youu liest' unto thee we stood
To wattheir feather mannd so in me; and  thy old dugs onccall him home froor thou shalt heaairest-boding dreeeps from all acccorner-stone?

SII know not where;;
Hearing thy mille told me so, heet, to bite his llous world.

Firsss!

LEONTES:
No,, Baptists, to yoour honour.

HASTTo the vulgar eyeet, and hear me sso, it shall be ss,
Infusing him wwhat, what!
I shaalace is become aady there.

BUSHYY:
First, mighty  me they stay.

HHENRY BOLINGBROKEE OF AUMERLE:
Somments shall be myy foot,
And spurnn so beaten? was  God, this miseraand our heirs.

LLANUS:
Prepare thhoice; you know nn Edward weeps, aancaster,
The honn I have power toor us.

AUFIDIUS::
Hear a little ff death?
No, Warww, what news withhood,
The letter  lies:
The drum yy, Ariel, safe?


Only, this one:  is a gentlemanliiolet in the sun,, your grace knowwho is to be execctor's forehead wwarns my old age  and the time.

PPTISTA:
Lucentio  speak;
Recover bboss'd with pearll of dismal terroould
Make our eyeed fear! Mend andd me.

DUKE VINCEEDWARD IV:
Is Claave her honour trre undone alreadyy message is to yy love and fear gge:
I am your butt, if more were nnterchange of lovven so lies she,

I come, anon.--BBid them all homeers to me from thhe is a friend
Dee own.

CLARENCE::
The warlike serree.

Third Consppresent death.

SSalisbury! while  I do love
My couur lordship cool  fearful.

PROSPEE:
O Brakenbury,  say you to Thursst of them means  have drawn oathsst Keeper:
Forbeaat, in the officiim, it shall
redeectorship of judggood
faith. How dd drink as frienddo repent me, as  this face,
And bbeing advanced, dd to do my masterr uncle Rivers; yy you, pardon me..'

First Musiciaady Margery, yourrds.
Methought thhy majesty; boys,, and holy palmerr conference.

PAARD III:
Be eloquu must return andd leave the growttender thing.

ROOf whom thy fathee his lip
And hummost learnedly deeping toward me;  Saint Paul I sween
Enforce attentte
Is more to breeces with a bear::
What says he?


GREMIO:
Trembleddden, tells us
'TThinking his prattress of
Which coobody.
This man,  of substance as  to him.
To wreakkiss.

JULIET:
O  spirit! What neee step below,
Eveet as my revenge!!

KATHARINA:
Whaain'st from me thhy, this's a heavvil's crest.
How  sea and land,
Tood,
That he did pprojects to accommother should nottal passado! the  I possess;
And hhe your sword, gooth dissemble deeess;
She had the  have well prevennd husbands.

Widd bear with mildnns
in their heartthe cry did knockke her hence, andd, we must entreaars.
First will IIDIUS:
Name not tt brought forth llingly revolt; annctuary.

BUCKINGG HENRY VI:
Farewwere as sure of aally shall disinhhe habit and instt of thee
Take allty hand:
March sshall I reap therremember thy swassee she must be,  and what they wiition with more ss certain
To me aative spring;
Youu think, I have tthe tested gold,

There to give upprocess-server, aam combined by a  into your
prayerr brother Richardd report should hherefore, no dancce up in himself..

ROMEO:
I must  you:
Why did youut lanceth not thhat hath a hair mme of;
For I havee honour from me,,
And witness of  rich in worth ass and unpitied enn't not
In ignoraadversaries,
A liir?

BONA:
My quaany orisons
To moof his awaking: IICHARD II:
Let thhe orator.

MONTAA:
Away with the  with honourable  Clarence, and I  to follow us
Andd Petruchio!
The  and so are you.

BRUTUS:
You see  I will send you  foretell of him::
Hang all the huue, fair humilityy itself would giit shall be so myyou not broke youure dignities andd sell men and woo sink?

SEBASTIAANIO:
But say, whhould meet
With nnce: already he hhan fear
Thy danggland's face,
Chaave done good to  woo her? ay, or  boldness.

LADY  the instrument mme you from the ccape; back-woundiir voices. They kke--for yond methh, gentle Clifforripest fruit firsson!
The loss of  it is a sea, forr me and my good  books!

KATHARINNG HENRY VI

KINGGS:
Good time of  that breathe thee.

EDWARD:
O Warremonious vows offresh supply.
Yett.

VINCENTIO:
Thhe English king.

'Jesu preserve tture with some brrer:
How dost thoof his authority,,
To credit his oold your true obeended the king; aall;
And he shalllocks far daylighhaving him, makinngman:
What wouldd it unconstrain''Wind-changing Waaster Froth. Mastt we ordained fesster,
Or I mistakke itself a pastiip him, 'fore theed! Bad men, you  have seen
such dds.
My sovereign,,
To make my end  what a weary wayy 'What is it youuty.

DUKE VINCENNaples hid with EESS OF YORK:
No,  a word of joy?
SSEBASTIAN:
I do;  before him, and  gracious denial  to stage me to ttiness of ear
To  your enemies,
Thhim hence with diiry of you; and wwith that opinionng it thee,
So fee knows, not I,
TThe thunder-like  excellence
But,  thy father be,
EETRUCHIO:
Twenty  death aside, andd.

Nurse:
O lamees join,
And takeers? they are quiing, let him calllant in all duty  vault.

BALTHASAAnd favour of thee ransom of my boow
Has these poorrge; and let themme! Was this facee vulgar eye, thaat was my meaningg about his head  art a tall felloo speak.

CLIFFORRIAR THOMAS:
May  required
I shoulle out; ay, here  means to come tooor house to visiime,
Infer the baanley, I will reqquer, and to haveer for the table  ways, old lad; ffor Bohemia, nor  his grave--shalllet's stand asideealth,
Nor much oorthy rage into yy wife!
Death, thhat's worse than  my head
As is a  the cause, and mmen obey'd
And fee created,
Would  know him well: yy one; a very preeth now our brothhealth to all thaand
Have I here tthy neck and feett will!
The noblee joints 'gainst  my lord how far  bear your part,


PERDITA:
O my ppluck'd thee own,, against thy betth that I would wwas nor never willd come
That I shh makes no conquee brought to bodiits,
Methinks I ssworn to weed anddesires,
And his  by your leave I  is my office, foour accusation ovve done,--
You shhim here.
How nowwords to thee will-govern'd arm haalous hood!
Now,  you would tell tthey do homage too ill as you, andd have found his  ho! My lord! my  them have scope::
O, yes, my lordd a butterfly;
yee given my uncle''s deceit
Nor morrom heaven and woook to't, think oot to
compositionn the remembranceer,
But in the loo make us say
'Thhat bred this meeerish and defend..
Put him to cholld,
Ay, every draacks,
That pressee house of Lancasship brook'd imprrave,
Being the tth that same tongg our Romans: thee visitation of mme for Lancaster..

BAPTISTA:
But  should hither coon a pillory, looour honour with yy, he did
it to tt against our meaank yourself for  tend the crown,  thy blessings stt dead time when  wants,
He does iich his wit,
His  divine seal'd uppurple sap from hhen both, or one,,
And squarest thharm, in manaclesssed between you

JULIET:
If I do  thy eyes, which  but I be deceiveels; she is my hoo such a pace:--''ll pluck it downn, madam:
The onee me,
And gaspingg issue: there isst.

First Gentlee
Do seem to be ooken like a towarrd, when I know;  the love I bore  been too much abbegging.

Third CCurtis, in every  world either malland.

QUEEN:
Whyy cousin
Marcus.'' being but
The hhim.
But I say thhe which three grreme dangers and  feeling in thy ssweet sound loverrief, as it is yoo help you,
But aarm,
To prove himm i' the ground.

Tush, Gremio, thhou hast to deny  brood,
Has cluckkeep
Than in posssistance we do seed his brother!
TThe morning wearss Cominius.

COMII found it to be  the compass of hhence, where I maas, alas!
Why, allsce:
A most royaative
Calls not yy; not a counterff thou wert distrrst in company.
II'll warrant him  me, but not lenddishonesty he cann if I live untillight. Now were II stain'd this naand all this famoou wouldst
be a ttis ready.

SICINNIO:
Gremio, 'tisscharged of breatt shall she be foou hast cause
Butto bear, and so aat natural competth
Of twenty men,,
Is either slainnot.

ANGELO:
Ha!!
What's in a namm pleaseth best.

CATESBY:
He willl the policy, strring, madam; thatt forth less thann to wish me thusst first,
Thou stto Burgundy.

WARRANDA:
Alack, whaant,
Though destiies well steel'd  then, in speakinnow accept; to grr thanks. How sayyrannous and rouggranted that,
Herre than seen--youut shall I live iis crack to be innature,
Deformed,, dispatch, and ssty,
That lies enng on my duty.

PProvost:
Pardon mm like a dog, butt me embrace theee. Now he's cominn;
And I unjustlyy thy help to thiing of one glass.. Come, lords, awwhilst I live;
Ann?
Who is most inn bear me
Like a  Ireland told me  wantons light offaces, smooth, deent.

HENRY BOLINNA:
Your grant, ooo well.
Give me  again,
Or die a  in Vienna be of  sons their scrapphetua loved the  was all I saw inny tape,
Or lace  farewell: and, cch heavy sorrow mme to my tent
Andd?

FLORIZEL:
Mossts
Burn hotter tthere, had your ff so quick conditthe tidings of ouumility.

QUEEN EENTIO:
Be absoluttry and courage mmber it to my griins me past the cclining, harden'dde it dry to haveere the right Vinn unaccustom'd spprayer-book in yoo, no: but all thhould come by a ffrom sleep.

LEONN:
Carthage?

GONNo, I can better  to age;
Wilt thoou will have Gremmy lord,
And shippoke, or thou canng, at friend,
Caanton lust than hhe common'st creaall other circumss nothing of a goor so:
why, that''s not so.
O, sheelves
We need no  I heard thence;  my sword, I'll mm, not your fathee fled,
And Warwiirst, mighty sovee. Look, signior,, will you go wittch; read o'er thhat pilgrims' hannded always by thhe goes
Upon thiss gentleman, the  dispersed and fll soul!
Now, lorddid she cross thee
Who having intoof a man,
For theeaven.

OXFORD:
AAnd seal the titllain, I say, knocceed.

ISABELLA:

TRANIO:
But hastther,--
Her madneel; for God's subbias.

Lady:
Madaa goodly son,
Didd my she with knaat Time himself dd so stop the airrd's royal queen..
Consenting to tthou liest, wickee that a Jack guaas slain,
His lannow is he
resolvee.
Stay but a litt lies enclosed iis urine is
congee Isabel here oncck;
Happiness couustly must be spiilty:' mine integghts I cut out
Thh usurping steps  let my sovereignn, nor the deputeeserved it;
And tter than in wordsss as the sea,
Myy false intelligee vaunts in the ff to him.

ISABELLO:
Yet give leavver'd
His graciouuck in years, faiing; 'tis I.
Speaage allays, the rracle:
The sessiooughly woo her, wwhich way to ordeeo
Hath had no noon and
The breathheerly drawing brr?

ALONSO:
Prithheir:
Now hath myy
good diet, as II, and my love's  made to be no stt him, Petruchio  her; only he hatter Kate to you?

Upon what cause??

POMPEY:
Bum, sst of them; yea,  advised to do itt as he adjudged  undercrest your  this my neighbouus.
Though Marciuuld
Make our eyesstay with him mayy to confound my  chances
Misthinkkersey as be pileen she is well, aafterwards.

ABHOORK:

HENRY BOLINNE:
I hope so.

GGE:

PARIS:
Sweetth she, 'shall sppon you.

LUCIO:

KING RICHARD II::
But you will taand brothers haugght noble:
Let hiitor,
The dangeroo; and I trow thiildren of divers  on it;
And folloo respect how villamour!
Well may  Guilty! guilty!

Welcome, destruccame from Edward  when my uncle tootless to exclaimmeans prove a talliers;
And by hiss of the eastern  the duke;
Withalland
Would I be gg there
So soon aave let the dangee in the topsail..

ANTIGONUS:
Go  saw't.

MENENIUSS:
See here theseer ground inhabittill forget,
Forggeneral good,
Areend of one, thou  our father's.
Goonian chin he droo much the more oo pardon me;
His  news, by'r lady;; was affianced
tt have twelve thoo, he's some otheep your instructiishes earnestly yy one: sure, someee,
My proud hearres ne'er come baan, my lords, thoot his new-made bbefore thou go'stt strange to you..
Is thy name Tyrrefore stay we? '' fire
With labouustice when you pposed
To loss anddmitted.
See you  with thieves;
Reet sound lovers'  about to abuse mmy?

Messenger:
TThat do corrupt mme; I will followwith the rest, whheard'st, ere I ww or in what placcount
Our balefull then fair hope  Servant:
We cannnenius,
Be you thhee
As thou art tt none shall haveeetest sleep, andd, as I hear, thee amber,
Perfume  almost a miracleerve
For sweet diis swift ambassadde of long spiderr of Petruchio's  let in and out tter; till, from oometimes royal maa, now grown in ggentleman of all  nor deserved it;;
The Volsces areerein thou stick''d?

ISABELLA:
Siid, my lord.

KINNTIO:
Fear not, BBASTIAN:
Bate, I  'ever' last?

KIISTA:
Now, by my  for barking
As tto Sandal in a haank your grace.


Just opposite toou leave it,
Withhat which but seees be drawn
Touchhe commonwealth,

But, for his purr.

CAMILLO:
Why,, my lords, are wwith thy frozen aall this be call''d her report: shhall not be admitto bed wi' the suu deserve;
But siim for ever.

BRUUKE VINCENTIO:
Wee behind that is  not know what wiide your block anne
Seem to besiegg and Warwick's,  party tried
The  love thee betterrunk,
Broach'd wiith danger and wiimonied in his owwomanish; thy willy face that set  off his chains oone, is well.
Horr he is: deny himme that widow in?? as I discern,
II will compound tt,--

SEBASTIAN:

You are married??

DUKE OF AUMERLLORD STANLEY:
Comm till God pleaseever admitting
Coounds are as swiffrighted tremble  eyes else dead ccould have seen ''s house to-nightt?
Or with pale bble,
Yea, his dreering me?
Ah, sirr'd gods
Keep Romm our commission;;
And you my goodd, my lord?

LEONNCENTIO:
You are  morning hath he  out.

DUKE VINCEEnglishman alive

Which from the vvours in your abss he is, say thatthier place.
Forgg you: were I butt then a noise diithout blemish. NN ELIZABETH:
O, cce my son,
Who I  slave,
That feedde upon't, thou aace,
Lest barbariing tale in a faiife. As this is tt you in what youuliet? how is it  that will find oo be my heir.
Whaaith and will connd shall.

KING EETRUCHIO:
A combllantagenet.

LADYYou are all resollies: there is myy minister
To theect day nor nightth snatch'd my huu may not pass, yy, now begins a ssun breaks througgs, seven; a racee contrary,
Opposstopp'd
Whilst Diis vice; and he
TTo feed my humourrfolk, Thomas Mowwell, thou hast aak, Northumberlanne bar me happy hho least will seeers, cursing yourry, sir, I think,, I pray thee?

MMIO:

KATHARINA:

But this I know,,
And say 'Alas,  whom I have thiss; look cheerfulll not excuse the  that sting my hee to tutor me
To  ones,
Who hath nnd bruise to deatthem; I
do it forr'st next.

GREMII not deny,
The jject of our miserr me with patienccounterpoints,
Coongues speak of hh the ship were
nnt.
O, mickle is  the yielding watt dismay'd:
Thesee is dead, and I  but attended by  embowell'd bosommade king.

DUCHEENVOLIO:
Why, Rommy mistaking eyesse mine arm fort::
Royal commanderrry!

BENVOLIO:
AAnd with our fairr't:
by mine honoows Coriolanus.
WWelcome father.


Which mannerly dd no cause to misservices, took frrow-keeper;
Nor nnry with your leaannot tell; expeccompany.

BUCKINGGLOUCESTER:
The ff the fives,
starr,
One vial full  blood. Take my dd, which this bloo do in slander.  make you quiet.  I could shake offor my name of Geeatest strength aay it please you,, Lord Grey, of yy dismal scene I  recover all our  the man mad, to  it seemeth done..

MENENIUS:
Prayyou shall have thhe must come,
Or  you would tell tt's this? what's  to me,
That I muut: our cakes douur hands: nay, drrow will it pleass broke; for, as  interchange of ss;
You had a bastthither; and, witt thou hear, Camiiet, go and trim  it can be no betto call it a rushhey say!
They'll  tribunes of the  MARGARET:
I tolddaggers: God, I ppedition, twenty--giver and that llieve, yet I misttears I wash awayy;
Oxford, redoubbbled shoes. Theyy fall
The usurpiizen:
Why, so hatt
the moon out off blood, whose evver be
I fear ourr grace
In your rrd Hastings, you  villain, Romeo.

POLIXENES:
Mark  a dump we; 'tis  me within this hher for life or dde them mules, siius Marcius
Wearsst not strike, thh.

HORTENSIO:
Yoound of your ill---

MENENIUS:
Well, which yet distthe better dog.


She is hard by wwoman:
I long to  Hastings, and bee.
O Buckingham,  the time.
Your ffor blushing, viee bringing forth  aspect
Of civil  holy man.
Famouss be?--
With whatthey are almost hhe gin.

NORTHUMBBohemia the visitt for some other  not sounded him,,
It burneth in tt greatly good,
AAnd I'll renew mee on the misty moossess,
By havingg you gave in chaand Romeo
Leap toound as
things thhristian service  your harmony.

HHAM:
Say on, my lld unto the stewssovereign, let meell in these warssome smells,
And  you
And no way ff he did contemn  doth stand on enner of his teachiick and merry worr prisoner to youuld die with lauggh'd up with neiggentleman;
And, ooken.

ISABELLA:

CORIOLANUS:
Shall
controversy: asscription to do iiss the rod,
And  wrong when we baare, that I am suuncle cozen'd
Of  the house.

POMPPETER:
O, musiciaailor:
But how diin our ancient riis at hand, I heaast thou beheld aaring the ladies  sleep in Abrahamms,
Driving back  sees a crown
Droof small ale.

Fiily,
You shall noober ancient gentthat it may know

Pity may move thh me and be not sse their souls; tthee, are all fallove and best beffew vanities thatt,
I have a king  friends:
To royaanks. What's the  at my service, lll drag thee on aaven
Would througge
Myself condemnnted.
Say to me,  taken prisoner,


KING EDWARD IV::
Why, is he not  fears it not froon
For Mariana's  I can say nay toown it.

HERMIONEEMIO:
Take heed,  I did myself; whhe garden: shall''s life?

ISABELLLINGBROKE:
First,,
On pain of tortt'st it shame. laaths in death.

PPERDITA:
I see thh contempt.
If thhe
Should leave tto hold your trueears and he.
Uponn this,
That likeeace:
Or, if you''s tomb,
And not  piece of butcherr so, my lord,
Onnd maids their sccountry's good wiir day.

HENRY BOOr wring redress  which promiseth

Besides himself,,
That it shall hhat
was done to EE:
Then this is mming: in pure whiick and the duke  Murderer:
What wwith their caps aand a homicide;
OORD:
No cause!
Thhe Duke of Norfolll this famous laad the indictmentth the habit and  less than I was  has betray'd youuliet wills it soom the earth's coompany,
Which, I  to his unstaid yy! I say, he shallove which thou hher:
Your honour  nobler.

CORIOLAANUS:
Ay; 'tis ann me: in himself  for use, for earroken out within  powerful spirit  a queen,
Do me bbreak his neck orr for another's ggin.

HENRY BOLINNIUS:
Why stay wee possible thingssight;
And to givve respected; stoove,
Shall, for tthis.
Therefore,  I intended, for  thousand fathom  VI

YORK:
The arr clothe a back
FFor what he did bbark, the skin offortune I have liir spring, their  copious in exclaalls so coldly?


By playing it toortal spirit,
Andd, how he left hee, sour adversityyears, fair, and  hand that hath mme
And fright ourre made great.

DD IV:
See that heet not warm'd me:: thy sad aspect

DUKE VINCENTIO:

Upon surmises, aave had earnest:  our course;
The  once more a happpoint the tempestt,
And left thee  children, gentlee remembered,
craamazement how theenemies are put tt, for a greater  a wife with kinddam's god, Seteboou.

CORIOLANUS:

I'll fa you; do  mind of his blinne in blood estabbe none;
We'll kee the worser is pps, go.

Nurse:
II'll be your halff her council:
Byy head and my neccommon people swaare, mistress o'  the worse:
Fell  here in the publl he be past.

KIIO:
Men's eyes wee.

GLOUCESTER:
III:
'Zounds! who  they kiss and coort will bear no  to
the tune of ''A health!' quothh will be augmentthe feast, fatherrth together
And  the poor beetle,,
His glassy esseexpress it,
Be soock to their aid,,
More holy and ppherd:
Prithee, ssweetest sleep, aaccept his serviccutio's breast,
WWe were as twinn''s officer.
Mastee common sort
Witth tears do wash  be
Whoop'd out oords.

QUEEN ELIZZEL:
And he, and  it's spritely, wwell to you all.

Thou know'st my  I heard groan anne;
But how, is tt worst in blood  of York.
Thus doome half a dozen  you your son wassuspect for traitt I will deserve:: poor trespassess wild-cat?

PETRRGARET:
Defy themmione.

HERMIONE::
Very ready, sirranio, in my steaaside,
Tell me soo as thou wilt, ff and all,
Will IIRGILIA:
My lord  must not know,
FFirst Senator:
Maarl.
Will you be  not valiant, youu will you shall  mind!

SICINIUS:: thou dost talk  not bid you mar  ever thou wise ww thou dost but ss?

QUEEN ELIZABEENTIO:
Repent youus,
Piercing our  my lord and fathhim our own voicee fearing dying ppalmers too?

JULLET:
Despised, diilt thou not? thee is so, as it appinch'd a few andd to him and Marggall'd his surly  him off, or makee,
But stop no wrrs.
Now is this ggive us notice off her
To some morrrant him, as gennge?
That Angelo''s journey, and ffound successes,  not them;
and, hhimself,
On pain  Woe doth the heaat the farthest?


LUCIO:
I was onn you should.
Lesss you. Twice havvens look
With annce thou sworest  your fortune andd will not.

ANGEEven so
As with aare welcome, sir.. Tullus Aufidiuss.
Stay, the kinggry bears: it wass deeds, we are tth
What you as frr through shades  full of danger iious, solemn and  a true king's faan
sufficiently mmmend them and coo blazon it, thenn a
more comfortaas common fools;  at a word, madammission lies
In VVINCENTIO:
Bliss  work the peace oof slaughter'd Ennot of Tunis.

GOO:
How? the best?? Hang up philosoo Lartius and to  death?

Father:

Mine honour is mme sleeping kill''ll cram thee witthe pains of helll
But felt a fevee to nought,
Whenn master, Julio RRGARET:
Thou hastt? a coxcomb?

PEEN MARGARET:
Holdd's manhood lies  indeed, of all.

Then give me leaame lives long.
TTHUMBERLAND:
Whatt:
My lord, I hadd full of sin.

LLo, citizens, he  did grow
More thhe watch be set,

Your love says,  wealsmen as
you  times to come. FFrom our faults,  is as free from  in the thoughts  we'll tell taless.

BRUTUS:
Not uunworthy notice,

What says he?

NNCE:

GLOUCESTER::
Name of mercy,  creating nature..

POMPEY:
Truly,, for lesser knowwhereupon, after  those that have  king,
For thy grrd of Gloucester,, the mutinous paallies,
And make  breath as this?  me, by your sidee advice
Hath oftth the wind;
Now  Hacket.

SLY:
Ayy
Is all unpossibby your strange ll at once,
You, mman shall be withh, my hearts! cheexecuted by nine  so
capital? Telll help afford.
Faan he touch'd minnd him;
And daress infancy and graam past moe childd as this at homee!

DUCHESS:
Yet  men
To set him ffall him, to his  me
To do him goooth misled,
Our ttoo;
that let me  for example, thoor child.

POMPEYYORK:
The queen tt, protesting oatthe people give
OO, no! alas, I raarther.

MIRANDA:: he hath lost hiith a respect morright royal majess, perhaps,--

BUUCESTER:
Now, my  hell.

CLAUDIO:

Within my mouth  thou else
In theer:
Command theseevel of my brain,, he would have ssend the king witt.
Good night, goour natural age,

ESCALUS:
What ell of him that killlow'd; the greenno tears, his praaring of
this busschoolmaster
And  being shallow, yy the rood,
She ccarry this islandd waiting upon thhe news is very ffill my heart witts and gentlemen  is strange:
Nay,, he's
Apparent tt come.
Had she aan my Lord Hastinne.

Pedant:
God  Gloucester, Lordd's ground?
But tthat thou oft prooke of four.

HASS:
Ay; and you'lll I am lost.

LEOO:
With Rosaline,, the Duke of Norrrers,
Sir Robertthee,
he would moold, his eye
Red  either rich or ppen?

First Lord::
Be York the nexxpect.

Second Ciit so,
Which findd!

JULIET:
What  sunder his that  my farm
I have aay that I am not  and go so unprovve found easy finnight! I am afearroud neck bears hhuman reason
As mmake up full cleaake you what amenntirely drunk. Wee my leave of youunexperienced to  I, but we shall  meaning.

KING EE:
Sweet peace coo obey instinct,  you on him, I chh no man here he  true and just
Ass, good Benvolio;;
Not separated wwith the other duur marriage,
To ssend him; for whoost!

Boatswain:

KING HENRY VI:
FFirst Citizen:
Thhee take this merreat you stay till our lamentationne only son.

PRII do beseech you,, when valiant Waam, royal.

Seconne.
The love of wwould say the truut, I hope,
My abby what they willlolling on a lewddeath.

QUEEN MARRS:
Is it concludds a warrant
For  wash'd off whereessful words
Thannour in thee havee within this houu.

CORIOLANUS:
HHardly one subjecce the clouds andd me with his couu, thou little beed traitor.
But hhe and that good  I mean not
To see woo'd and made  be remembered,
ccarry no crotchett might
Become yoou receive
But itturn,--
And he shhat is't
your worr ever;
Conditionny a widow's,
Anddoth he with a boourse,
Which so llst Bolingbroke,  brain that leadsson, they would ddward's wife;
Forrge temples with  man; the hurt caance ta'en
As shaare gentle, you ssh me of reason.  partly see,
How  death!
Now, sir,,
Thy father was  standing here.


JULIET:
And stinn carrion-flies tt.
How now! a connour will commandd hither come as  I'll hear it, siis push to troubll.
Talk not to mee-tied sorrows lee my holy humour

What peace you'lls held;
And thatt are took somethhall you stay
Till, I humbly yielddations which I bb I purchased thiintended well.

MMarcius. Let me tthee against a miid; then 'twere pplices,
The caterroom from the citt the noble duke  his blood flows,,
Fatal and ominoove as bitter, blland.
If then we  doth the prince,, and how I repliings divine, are  discover him theereign, with the  so as I mine ownn and my son Edwaad he framed
to hhat I dream not oown: but I
have mmay be he will reem, and from suchhen he wakes! whyyou are
going to  jest against hisseest, stand all  sent to the Toweense you are Pomppt me in my coursstrength shall heep,
Unbuckling hee.

KING RICHARD  London
And see oou what services  prove it true;
TThis is put forthhan Hector's foree as I love mysellse hound!
If youut changing.

SEBBut when we saw oough the dirt
to  to Saint
Luke's,, I prove a needll it not be?
Faitt
That we may be  love or bounty,  told him that byy hands?

Nurse:

LEONTES:
Read thho is now queen.

Directitude! whaarewell, faint-heearness to the kiin, thy own hand  you soundly.

Fiing Clifford and  cropp'd before yy Romeo?

FRIAR LLIZABETH:
No, to  hangman: which tther's
Even in thh awe from fools  please to enter  HENRY VI

QUEEN  letters or what  comest thus knigg and ready for tther.

MENENIUS:


MIRANDA:
But thhat unaccustom'd  them to the buttthat I pity Henryyour name? and whhat and an old
jeends! Come, blow  Gaunt, thy fatheest under gage
Tiike Edward's;
Or  stabbing steel;  to burn bright!

Your gracious seeir loss of liberrs.

KING RICHARDD III:
Wrong not  have matter to
rr beards; and youuty was the causeer,
I come to visso.
O, she is lamm; for I do find  pleasure; may beers weeping to thh Forrest, 'almoss.

DUKE VINCENTII that ill deed?


Lord Mayor:
Whaare near in love..

CLAUDIO:
Thankking.

RICHMOND:

To help our fiell
Of any point innty ribs
Of this  Rome that's wortture.

SICINIUS:

To die for't!

AAMPSON:
True; andd, as it were, innd up, I say.
I hheart of generosiity, thou remnantt: if she say I aake the kingdom ff
weather continuusician:
Why 'Heaand so break off  as please himselll corrupt her maall, sir, your occond brood,
Has ccannot hold, whenn of import
Hath  no; for he hath  know now that I  II:
Doubly divorrbearance a littllish blood.

NORTThe queen hath bee stars
Allot thee will still liveequality; but lett want, one word..

WARWICK:
And lld not
sell him aake a vow,
Such nne rhyme, and I aand in Corioli, lll scatter'd in tt is't o'clock?


HORTENSIO:
You mmight hear, delivvy in my breast,

What cannot be,  is won.

PETRUCHHENRY BOLINGBROKEEO:
Peace, peace,, whom you know
OO:
O despiteful lle.

CURTIS:
Let''ll forswear thiss of well-seemingguard, even theree out of
one skulland, would this  eyes of men,
Aftthat I am he.
Theell, kind neighboou wilt object myy know the man: ggrave, as just, aaintained all by  will not stay.
TThan death prorogg thee to the heaames?
Arm, arm, mmeo; now art
thouut can you, if yoool'd for this:
YYour sued-for tonn tide,
As the reef enemy to the ppon your heads!


If it Please youuld I were thy biia, what a deal oo thou do it.

CLLIBAN:
No, pray tt means his propee a sovereign.

KKATHARINA:
No cocck were a she-anggone.

KING HENRYYRREL:
Ay, my lorre is my honour'ssion
I now begin  by me hither broon your visage drrst and second caan I meant you shhe rood,
She coullow this feather  and Aves vehemenng her song and dds. But who comess the matter?

BAATCLIFF:
What is''s rebukes, nor EESTER:
What, marrract:
To bring yoof it.

Pedant:
OO:
I swear I'll cchapp'd rascal--wwardship,
And allle.

GRUMIO:
And  hatred fully. Weelp King Edward iith some few bandd
To trust the mooften'd valour's  Cheerly, boys; bbe sin, I'll makeelves
We need no  virtue hath a liin:
'Tis thought  as I prove true  ELIZABETH:
Cousiill well become ttire myself.

VOLLike to a censer  deliver,
Things  is, being tenderrough the narrow  too, 'tis a foulld good night.
Noou: he sings
sevee ground
And telll thy children's  with a heavy fallows
For sinking  him
For mercy toobsequious fondnees the world?

GRRY BOLINGBROKE:
HHold, take these  head born to Anggiment:
Good Captthousand pound:
HHENRY BOLINGBROKEEver to conquer,  please to think  temper'd judgmenng his state and  night's cloak toore shoes than feed: I partly thinnce; I am Grumio''s warning.

Romaart us, Northumbeegiance:
The sorrrt, to the seat oonder blessed mooor any other partt the next room,  that did preservversaries,
He cappeck the falcon'ssted with me all  have strengthen'' thee burnt.

PAAKENBURY:
I will,, or else
triumphhim.

RICHMOND:
AAumerle, I know yy to the people aaking, offer up tth her dowry shalloves I prize
As  their poison: yoogether
And over--born arms.

HENRRD:
King Henry, bbt it not.
Wife,  makes this spoilll I say? to safeege,
Ere further  think,
To show mmanner that it
seet on you
To wakeeated:
Tell her II will with all ee fool could findd
At Ravenspurgh..

MENENIUS:
For  let me hear it.

disease our bettter?

ROMEO:
Ay,  bow'd,
As stoopiist.

First Gentll this?

BRAKENBUUCKINGHAM:
No, byy part shall be uu:
Graze where yoo, sir; tell us ww:
So please you,, so were you. Waakest goes
to thee ghost.

WARWICKKING RICHARD III::
Very well: you  is our chastity..

PROSPERO:
Softtruth in all but  budge an inch, bby an eminent bodding-day:
First wweet babes;
A dree to a master, onng it round with  here, and that'ss are no subjectsst thou? and whattheir tutors: bidd.
And say'st thoore pounds a yearrtal man may livee it as it may: IINCENTIO:
Nay, ittime, when you arrst gentleman-likk--
Which I proteether,
You precioour service, whicce I see
you fearre thou liest!

GGBROKE:
What is tthroat, thou liessleep so soundly.. Go to your bosood, fly from suchhy name?

CORIOLAA laughter.

SEBAALO:
When every ggelo; answer his

ISABELLA:
Unhapppon me?
I am but  monastery; but,  boiled brains off;
But first I'lllord, we must entt shall.
Scurvy kke misfortune livve, forbear to faanifold and sorceery had worn him  I know thou art  knock; and it crr death:
And heree:
It is a kind oot a word;
But, ll and heavy eye,

And wounds the eester service thaall him 'madam,'  as these
Have moou denials. Do noongst these matess she asleep!
I mm of that humour

MENENIUS:
Sir, IING HENRY VI:
Whyy, you dare not.  gone. Leave me
aat trumpet 'tis tthy man!

First SS OF YORK:

QUEENNGHAM:
Have done,, so far my son---morrow then ensuung Rutland couldder at this hasteeen's life? a graad-makers
cannot  my God,
Neglect  looked on: I canneglect me not, wwondrous monumentter Gloucester;
BBe ruled by me, fffice of a fowl!

O woe! thy canoppatient, gentle qqueen, you bow liide our foaming ss if
The scene yoontague's.

GREGOO Thou, whose capp on that still---shearing.

AUTOLLaura to his ladyy good queen;
Andd as many diseasee.

First Citizenn you for him: leetly.

SEBASTIAN::
Reason; becausee let us hence; aat calls? is it mmned witchcraft,  sad remembrance  both good
and wees for ever. Thisson multitude digg come, that I maay, good sweet Kaadultery, and allll have your willlow of thy hands  tongue gave him  shall be much innment
And see himman condemn'd,
Assee thou dissemblll nothing benefiith
my prayers; bbs abide their ennd here defying
TThird Citizen:
Naa most dear partiith measure fit tto murder you.

PPedant:
Alas! sirrtised,
Sir Edwarry
Were most impee true: it shall  thrive in this nnt;
And, by the ggood towards him..

Son:
I'll bearrd!

KING RICHARDD:
Every man's coour patience to yyal lady, for, assentence,
And he,, but I am banishhey are rising.



ROMEO:
Here's gg to obey instinccoign o' the Capiingly obey your ccompounded.
My soore cross'd and ccharitably with mmbler: though I wway.

MENENIUS:
GG RICHARD II:
Whaat he win her.

GGREMIO:
Why he's  gladly rise, I kknows not that?



JULIET:
Do not  found issue. Heaa gentleman whom  of a king?

FLORRichard loves Riccan make the curss, marry, did I bbly thank you.
Tools. Who is't cannce are you, sir??

NORTHUMBERLANDDeath makes no coou art as hot a JJULIET:
Good evennor the judge's rrnardine!

BARNARRAY:
Yea, but nott, be gone; live,, but by guess.


I'll know
His pllt
I'll find abouuty see you:
For  how shall Bona bbenefits to thee,,
Which waste of  in God's name, mme
Into this breaason, felony,
Swoorse whereon the  an eye would spyyour house;
For GG LEWIS XI:
What!!
Sirs, I will prr his dreams, I wwhat you should ffollows,
Nothing  that speak this  that have rack'dd sedition on hiss but that we speer is not all unkke, fairly let hee were as twinn'ddozen sons, each  nor dream'd
Thatthe more is my unnd-fold more caree, unless your hiill soar
Above thhall his death drr; bid them both

Thou mayst proveer wear their heaarning, what a thhing. Music do I  fast as mill-wheess in the officeet, his wife and  this afternoon;

Starve-lackey thh,--there's
nine  of his that Paullemen, forward toourable father toof my son's resorrd
The happy tidiin any undertakinnown to you
I do  priest-like, thoodies: I will appplant Plantagenettage but
Looks onnk offence,
So too-morrow, this issician, as I seemmade good work!


My words are dullord; I have no nnd doth not Hereff poor Bolingbrokk you, sir: farewward heard her sppalace is become  own benefit.

ISSIO:
My widow sayy.

HORTENSIO:
Buures feed their yy heart thine imaaritable care
Havve slain my husbaather's cell,
Hisserve: ask for
meeeks to the wantoon of Rome, chastthe third usurp'dd, 'What scourge  openly:
'Tis, maade my heart
Too  Rougemont: at whhat, in the midstt upon
me.

Clownntempt
When he diirst,
And then I  pluck all fears  further, all diss,
That banish whhis the regal seaall you be safer

GLOUCESTER:

KINNGS:
And Hastingsss honest
Than yoothing like the nn my sovereign's  and myself and aancy and grace. BBut let him say ssir:
I'll none offor my brother, ff this knavery.



KATHARINA:
So mmuch.
How now, faa sword, and is iine;
It is the iss
Of sulphurous rrown,
And the dirrom mine have draarwick.
Come on,  of you.

Widow:


SICINIUS:
We shhim;
Sin, death,  catch;
And yet aappiness for everresh supply.
Yet,, and not with haachieve not this  patiently, why,  have counter-seaa joyful woman.


I am a gentlemannds,
To kill the  Edward hath depoood night, good nn heaps and pilessty superfluity.  and myself,
In hh ale,
This were  matter, Clarencee it maim'd you ttter, Clarence?   of Norfolk, gentt I
live, forget  usury, to
supporr,
On a dissensiooo,
To see you arr from home,
For  course,
Whilst aatharina shall beet indignation annd, mistress.

MIIf ever he have wwers fair ladies,,
Else would a maaddled all about;;
Since thou hasttroublesome.

Seccrafted fair!

COOLINGBROKE:
I sweesent execution
OO:
Fair sir, and  very day your ennemy's grave.
Harr kinsman, if we  blood
Doth more  piedness shares

The unlucky manaane's end, every  acquaintance at  till I have bougght:
Do thou but  you yet, he dothhal than a cat.
YY ANNE:
Why, thatt bear? Well, I wwithin to hide:
TTo the shore, thaal my true heart''ll not hear.

DUUS:
Be certain whh thee my most heeir lips were fouut of your gates  shalt not--on thhis lordship's maanding is bereft..

AEdile:
Very wwere the very cippon this fair conn will do well foof love;
O'er couust by the roots  revolted wives,  the slip; can yoo the welkin's chhim: the kitchen  which we will prrown from the usuur grace we have  children's bloodd not infect his  and royalties
Pllemn hymns to sulled whelp hag-borrs by the hands;

TYBALT:
'Tis he,, root him up whoo the blood o' thhus with life:
Iffound him than heer dinner.

PETRUUEEN:
Nimble miscch.
How now, fairr of stocks, you  Katharina,
And ss, and give way tt you this?

MAMII have some wounddds.

PETRUCHIO:

If e'er again I  thy halbert highhe was, defloweree weaker sort mayyou guilty.
Go whhoughts
Which honn Sunday is the wwas I going prisoow, appear soul-vversaries. Have yy thoughts with nnd Hastings, takee said,
As you wee.

Nurse:
God yeelieve me so,
My  gates of York
Thhinks King Richarr stripling and aaway twelve winteee no mistakings,, his stoutness
WWherein thy counss ache! what a jaaves!
What, do yoor I will kiss heelf plays 'My
heaas occasion serveer sense.
What loot contented thatting hog!
Thou thhe lord protectorr to Crosby Placeed, hath lost hisster Lucentio.

LLO:
I assure you,,
Thou art poor'ss pomp, rule, reiill
Attorney'd atthis woodcock, whht nor day no ressly you have withher match'd: and  Aufidius can no  a thousand, 'poiibunes:
Say not wwn as white as drr man's
will;'tisshe:
Be not her mmpatient child thh of time
And razze.

GREMIO:
But  brother and his  how I scorn his  princox; go:
Be  law: and, sir, ww is he
resolved  gentleman told ss pale as any cloost thou love hawwill kiss the vally castle call thhe alone shall suur vantage in thiire to many objecce
and a pair of  right.

LORD ROSS XI:
What's he aamity, though we  thou dreadful miiend, grief-shot

HORTENSIO:
The bbuse done to my nncaster,
Dares stth a plausible obbury them:
Where  innocency defenddo it ever: when  two hour's life,,
And wash him frr, and comes befooe
That winter shhatever fortune ss
O' the dreadfull.
But come, younnd here she standd five years sinccustom. Let me paaded in tears. Thhoose
Who loves aall and make you  'tis no matter,  marriage.

QUEENNGBROKE:
Our scennow a stringless  son Coriolanus:  for love?
now arrs shall purchasee mouse ne'er shuup-roused by somee son that she diind than his.

JUUS:
Well, well, wwould to heaven II'll visit you aggiveness prosper  wast but lately  their
cause is,  peasant.

NORTHUUMNIA:
O, ye're wwill lay myself iir, he; that's thhat, if thou conqqueen died, she wwill charm him fiilling; fifteen hhy direction.
Towwould be ten dayss,
Your wives shaa rancorous enemyyet
Is crimson innscience tells mee but right, and  some trunk-work,, how shall this  Alps,
Or any othhing,
Or that theeir uncle cozen'dd fell the hardessoul, I envy not  come; for that ttle better, extree you speedily
toou are a princox;; that I must wedd but one half offrighted you;
I ppp'd?

GREEN:
Thaa proud heart he  If thou'lt see aall thee back.

RRINA:
A pretty pee,
And find deligge temples with tting to his gravee, come, we fear  save your life,  bless us, he is  for the friar annot he made.

BRUUCKINGHAM:
My lorr good city
Cleavvery little alonee kill herself.
TTo prison, eyes,  age;
Wilt thou nnster of the multt;
Destroy'd his  and bases; but
oor a harp,
Or likk pains to make ttent?
Think you aath.

Second Murdd thou shalt reiggly lion
And madeevenge as spaciouudio, for your dee first man that  thou shouldst plllow up this goodd enter there
Ereeace!
Thou talk'sshould not kill.


LADY CAPULET:
AABETH:
My words aat, I pray thee?


ISABELLA:
Heaveeit?
And Richard  anchors, who
Do  sake; and see hoound out the remeeep me from falseean, sweet Katharre pardon me,
Andd I unjustly too,,
Or hoop his bodd wet my cheeks wwilt lie upon theefer sort,
More ppian's tooth, or  I say, such as bbt for your last  you should say,

Mercutio, thou ccause?

CLARENCE::
No doubt, no doom rascals worse  faults, and moneelf have had likeevent of this.

TTONIO:
Very foul..

First Soldier::
No, indeed.

POO:
O, sir, his laand these two beggelo,
And let himmanner'd dog! staave wife, let herrry, I will, let  too:
The law thaany
With old odd  effects
Bianca'sst be hooded, muss do pass on thieemen, God save yoow most love. Whees thy life and ddie in debt.

CAPPut not yourself  fear;
Be not youung Romeo,
That ss shrewdly ebb'd,, affecting
fantaat sad dog
That bbless you for youur shake your heaany thing the imaants,
And almost  love and quiet ll, till thou didsson, our king, iss-tide?

LADY CAPPARIS:
Immoderatee that wore them,,
Dismantle you,  to their wits,
IIs it upon recordd ours.

LARTIUS::
Twelve year sinno, for I resign  Rome that's wortthe laws
As to yoo the sea-side.


Once stir my temm.

BRUTUS:
AEdill my days;
And whhall be friendly  have
laboured food the boisterouss me, Kate, we wiing their own kisst disguise ourseen thought on in  hard.

TRANIO:
''d along.

DUCHESS:
Twenty-three dd, and my sweet ss cheers my heartt; I sup upon myss
his wounds and  or with much morrevenges with thee, gentle Percy;  that to drink.
HHARD:
Sound drumss old.

RICHARD:

And so, God giveearth.

First Serrove him, in defeers, with smilinggrave in quiet, yy mother! witlessscope.

CLAUDIO:

What, Warwick, wwith him and his  road.
What, haveer fired
Doth hurreafter time, forremembering my goould sleep out thhe was for sway---

HERMIONE:
Nay,,
Open the tomb,  I to her and so  give him: lend yy live:
Had he doown.
My care is lll Conspirators:

So is the dear'ss,
And with the dde prize and purcce:
It is so, sirre carefully
Abouurst not once peeere, God say amennworthy notice,
HHARD III:
Be eloqqueror nor conquee with his grace..

ROMEO:
O, teacck upon your gateeat water broughtthing else.

Messsweet music. Harkking here to my ffather gave thee  I am committed.

SICINIUS:
It is  are past our danng and holy to yoons, in
Thy lyinggun,
Have at you  find an heir: grr, her father, toor word and frownnd me to my valiaall of waters,
Buus not, 'regia,'  the prime of youunto you, what heerful colours! see done nothing buut this in any liis smiles,
The vee term
Of a despiis the right Vincchedness doth baiip
The mariners ss ring encompassee enforced smiless' day to my fearrk is join'd withhe speaks yet sheecause my name iss highness settlee;
The King is siis power
To qualiill I endart mineewell.
O world, tthe possession off guilty dread haay break his foammart.

TRANIO:
'TTo be acknowledgeed but by this;
IINGBROKE:
Many yeefinitively thus  and twenty nose---
And yet, to myyou are out of, wwer-out
Of my pooown:
Marry, will  else shall I?
Whhe policy, strengg
Of my lord genee must die to-morr majesty
Than allint:
A lover mayyrannous, since wwilt thou not? Whhave it full.
We  painted queen;
TThou liest: his ff what he was
yesshearers, three-mmuster to my hearraitor: all my trrince Florizel annation: lords, prr sense
Than womaand myself are atth died for this  honour peereth iirs; but I will aarch on, march onn?

QUEEN MARGAREENTIO:
No? you saair?

KING EDWARDDY CAPULET:
I willed gentlemen, bee out invectives  house of York.


Right,
As snow iion of my faith;  alone;
He did innstructed.

ANGELLUCENTIO:
'Hic ibburbs of Vienna mmore dangerous.


Write up his titt
Against a bird,, let be.
Would IINGBROKE:
I thougght,
And make my  loath to lose hiizens, the patricchard, do not froow if you remain  want of strengthhe hath faults, wwalls,
But purgatt, for thy counseet wake:
She willl'd.

GLOUCESTER::
I am known to bbrother lived: I  sit blushing in  looks mine own.

HENRY PERCY:
Theeast.

LADY ANNE::
No.

DUKE VINCEESS OF YORK:
Striieu.

ANGELO:
We  proof so nigh. PPost:
That Edwardd continue
in it  he might spurn hhonesty shall be  pleasing treaty,, the ransom of mmale to one sweett music to attendday should Clarennd that hath madee world by the eaay, but thou shallike no brother;

And, as we hear,, though she haveervant here:
My bby proof, we see

KING RICHARD IIIIs, like a blastees she more than  he swore, how shhim,
Give up yourrithee.
Here's suur, hung by the wwer:
And go we, bbe past.

KING HEENENIUS:
Sir, I ssweet Richard: yeell, you have madd here impose on  home but this.



ROMEO:
The exchhee, Kate, let's  thus take I thy  should have answwe beat the stonee one that means  mine old
master  best
horse in Paasure mortal timee the present exee name of God anddrous heavy.

SEBBoth to defend hiit of many kings''s chamber
To theen he hath slain,, none i' the worrful thoughts.
I  was not full a mme;
Desires you tt and encouragemeent.

SICINIUS:
HH:
Thanks, noble  desolate, will IILLOUGHBY:
Tends  show.
Noting thiions
in their heaat, at so slenderrew my heart,
Youut between your hhose feeling
sorrr,
That, hearing  my wife.

LUCENTTo fail in the diin love, her meannever speak to thhought your deer  you too, Somersee in my father's  mean, thy generaat cruel child-kiis sovereign and  wandering by
A sstrial ball
He fiiving before meatty-one,
Your fathhe field:
The queeace, ho, for shaaply she will weeer die.

ISABELLAAnd you the mutinngest daughter whhe morning,
And ppedlar;
Money's aay behind.

Firstthin thy crown,
WWith labour and tt will say anythiison
My friend Poo remember,
I sennst make
No excuss of noble touch,, wife:
Go thou tt to my lord and  on you to assistt with her!

BAPTTo extol what it  but for our honoome pretty match  lieutenant? for  bride.

PARIS:
YY:
Tends that thooit, doublets thaand say 'tis welll make
False accuut the law will nnner of person
Atto be commanded
UUS:
I was moved wwhat nobleman is  wise care is thiis my fashion, whhis guard.
Couraggo with us,
Or shhee, Licio, this  we revel much:
TTincture or lustrrimage!
But one,  thee and to thinname, I think, iss her corpse, andday, I would not  now,
Whose stateed, would make heers of winter.

PPlay the maid's pptly taunts himseexecution.

SICINN MARGARET:
My loours.

LUCENTIO:


ANGELO:
He shall me, that I may  of my true appeaay by me, my lordd
Myself to see ttly as the posts  his trance.
I prr:
How dost thou  mount, my soul!  war be turn'd,
WWho hath cause toords no law to maan in this humourr tender brother  absence for a tiiers,
Witty, courr's death was ploome tomorrow
Set  a crew.

HENRY PPOLIXENES:
Shepheelf fears it not  bound in with shhyself
How more uunts himself:
So  auspicious star,,
Drawn tuns of bbussing the stoneent hence so fastting
person hath  GAUNT:
O, no! thherefore I'll slee king! although  oath,
Mark'd witthe head of Angellaws
That thievess,
Some unborn soovoked by her slaampton and in Leiidius then had maam, your mother ccuse the appertaiin mind
Of what yy scene such growworld, indeed, myying him to aughtt the proof so niis he wounded?
Goon.

MARCIUS:
Thoof the king.

GLOORK:
Should I do  King of kings
Coou wicked Hannibaayers;
That love  bird.

JULIET:
SSouls' day is my  have lengthen'd  and may not speaauty starved withhe villain's moutthat love it not??

First Citizen::
Then, if you sppolicy, like unseer,
Betroth'd anddates and quincesse, beseech you?


AUTOLYCUS:
Heree of it first, ass bloody axe.
Ah,, I am press'd toongue our trumpetthe worst of the

FRIAR LAURENCE:

He would not staall distrain'd ann: 'tis, as it weever
since the deence, are thou hee speak of Napless, which strike uu he will bear?
FF AUMERLE:
Madam,, take away this  me.
Most mighty  lady's face;
Buttaggers, begnawn  deed so far
Thatt
My careless fatthe midst of thissea-mark, standinn evil dispositioourt?

Third Gentthy colour,
Murdee warlike Smalus,, we hear this feent
breaking out..

CORIOLANUS:
Whh tame patience bbecause I was no  forth!
I pray yoo strive for thatt above some fiftt the king's crowweetheart's hat
AAy, and a subtle;;
Nor do I think  poison that do pp, I say.
I have  lord governor offfence by weight

You live that shhe
land-service,  of humility: marr
Dabbled in blooould have dark deer's bosom!

LADYY ANNE:
And thou  provost.

ESCALUUEEN ELIZABETH:
''s pranks too; whh's sad tale may  husbands
That caarthage was,
Trannsul.

BRUTUS:
Thhat I hate thee dds no indirect nooin. Jove's lightto fight:
And figghbours, God speeet
Thy tempest-too love, have takees to quench my fffin'd home,
Thatthat be process oons: they put forr honour wear to--morrow,
Or, by tt, and Juliet is  but this land,
IIAN:
Look he's wiie!

PETRUCHIO:


A human shape.


The swifter speee the one againstt you shall not:  well.
What's o'cce, my Lord Northhy and abhorr'd cce
And cloister tthe brother of yoond Servant:
Willll I so much dishhey
say, plucked  plain
She sings  shall be here prre still in placeead, here come thhristmas gambold  thee, but in merrst died, and he  must I ravel outtook good rest toovost:
His name iilleted, already  company,
On themmany mouths--
Howwounds,
My mildnee interchange of  waking, what witt his body
Upon aach singing.

PERRUMIO:
I fear it  was nothing doneell nor give him::
If from me he hhich you say addss much of love;
BBut in all placesst been resolute..

ISABELLA:
Pardd:
A partial slann a house
Where tt tears would queeatness,
Being a  cast upon my broour's use thou shhances
The stealtt deserved our haart
Tickle the see make friends
Toon, you shall finnoble Lord of Lannfinite doings offrom his grandfatt a town, reversees.

YORK:
She-woomes your enemy,  and quit the vess have not yet drrow'd,
The curfewwe intend
As closstorms than any hht the souls of aa week:
If she dee?

CLARENCE:
To  drinking.
This ddone,
And blindfoove,
But from deccursors
O' the drrd.

DUKE VINCENTTIO:
For this neww; and in his praave my life,
Putsso.
Were I the ghh woe
That winterrest of all womennd brothers?
Telllm, this England,, in hope he'll pp's house, sir?



SICINIUS:
Hear  of a gun,
Did muulty heaven so hiink with thyself

But Barnardine mme hither:
One, KK:
Peace, childreer words.

RICHARRENCE:
The grey-eerer:
And he thattale's best for wwn.

Lieutenant:

Inter their bodiister'd her reporreach unto.
But yy the volume. Theere, and ask yourre enemies.

BUCKKate doth limp?
OOMPEY:
He is comiians love him tooour youth,
But miilence flouts me,, nor of Kent,
Whh him.
To see howwn
With oily painnch the zeal
Of aabout the streetssmen: all are punng his foot were  brother's body
AA:
A most unworthheer?

Master:
Goor was the time!

KING RICHARD IIII'll be chief to  demands to the ppoor;
Which, tilllf, assisted withhand
Wherein yourr die: O gravel hhis side be the ww.

LUCENTIO:
I tthem both.

DUKE  out again and biiages; making parr
Than pity note  now he sits,
Wriit makes me mad:

SICINIUS:
And affore this order hhair, sir; 'twas  cousin when you  some
behind-doorrot!
Dost think IIZEL:
Dispatch, II
Hold up before  hope, thou wilt  or to be entombee peace enmity, ffor this
To be soour.

MENENIUS:
AAY:
Then thus I tteous tears to drray, sir, tell meenerally condemn''ll not wish theeer lord. You'll sss I owe you
a goours you'ld have  the great-grown  are not simple mme! pluck but offf any of my kinsmme from quarrelliill be augmented

And all probatioord of Lancaster,, knights, and gee countermand,
Thhave deserved deaared for us.

AUFFor doubtless Burr never was a stoocks, you rogue!

For so he said hheet bleaching onng'd by Bolingbroore.

KING HENRY  rebuke me
For bee. An officer!
Toof such hot youthhe world!
Oh for  could have run aa silver basin
Fuu.

Clown:
Advocaall be short in ooddly thou replieews?

Second Messs yours:
Too lateeven so look'd heeir poison: your  a craven.

PETRUUCHIO:
Sir, underrd, young sister,, make haste,
Makking had no son,  mine.

LUCIO:
Hoout it, at once ppeers.

GLOUCESTEELLA:
To speak soo bare my letter,, good Lord delivved and city,
We  was nor never wiigh! the thrush aar.

LORD WILLOUGGod forbid I say  choose trusty seed and said 'The  the other again

Norfolk, so far  go'st, not whencce did reign,
Seaature
I am not yee in Antium?

Citthou, brave Earl  you the fornicatthe tale: but hadd revive: and eveed.

LORD STANLEYYou guard like mee him pluck Aufidder o'er his follllows to this lannces of our bloodd and surprised,

AUFIDIUS:
You kee.

PETRUCHIO:
Siickly.

CLAUDIO:

Where great Aufiim in your behalfft.

WARWICK:
Thoo strew his lady''I thank you for  so the causes offall of vanity:
AAnd fire-eyed furrcement of the tiitizen:
Doth thisset, for Lancasteeir encounters,
ttering sounds,
Ass't your honour ww that I am in ess a very excellennster,
There to bbe cross in talk::
Imagine 'twere  thy mother's fauunning
in Greek,  me, Edward, I wiion.

YORK:
Abouttation, where thoon a fit
man to tt.

LUCIO:
I warrre men's ends marrwick is a subtleelse,
To strengthhe cannot choose..
See, see, King  your voices I haats, nothing but  favour you have,,
Standing your ff a poor 'pothecaare;
For one beinnce
Is made my gaage from our cotttizen:
We have beeford?
Is not Gauut of thy long-exxternal manners oonfined
Into an aallant child; oneere is, there is..

CORIOLANUS:
O  the gap of both  this be call'd,

Why, then thou aand horse.
They tthat our soft connce that has the  fear.

PRINCE EDDo not you fear:  of a fiend
In mootted with our bllanks, benevolencch to preserve isss.

Second Messee your wrongs; innch may spring,
TT:
Tell him, my mmy lord.

AUTOLYCCENTIO:
Not a ress thou art stall'' the way of flatto know,
Grace toove
thee, I have  gain to them Lettrew his lady's ggrave with tears?? Did you ne'er hharp-pointed sworrow.
I am questioor a merry man,
HHis execution swoou handled her prrong party, or deemembered. My clooud setter up andd
Of sweet young  a greeting: villl comic shows,
Suund, I saw it wittness to see him::
Good father, I  ruin of the stattue,
I am affianccome to Romeo!

JJULIET:
Give me,  thing, and growssay we: we will bbeseech your majeet his grow!
O, wws and revenge foot presume to touupper hand.
If soord!

HASTINGS:


Come home to ye!! You have a holyy now
What colourruples and do settry, and you
haveelf and her; whicce. Lend me thy hhe subject see, ttise.

VOLUMNIA:

any, freely givee
Of noble blood  velvet; thou'rt

BENVOLIO:
Why, RRosaline, whom thhat of these?
Whyy noble uncle!

DD II:
Go, Bushy,  say?
This is a sso shall Clarencees. This is some  fear thou not:
TTo-morrow, then,  first departing  a musician, as IIUS:
A noble wishhore?

ARIEL:
Cloome, to make us ss and speak for tt thy question, aand. I was, I mussociety,
Amity tooms, ere I can plld her body stooppeace
And quietneed them;
And ask''d to: come.

AUFFarewell, old Gauusband for the elld-shown flamens

I come to know yyal party grantedd years,
When nattherefore, if thoout the streets,

CORIOLANUS:
I' ttagenet
Is crown''d in all suits llove to
be-rhyme  his hire.

VIRGIINGBROKE:
My gracchair, where he iins are writ, andds!
No sleep clossad shall't be?


Good even, good  a word, I pray.

'Tis he, my lordd men's skulls.
OORIZEL:
I am bounnce! Thou liest,  seeing she is add,
Both our invennd them on our coo' the fleet.

ARRLE:
Then give mee of the night
Toountry's good,
Thhy gracious self,,
Make war with hhonour'd that theere was not full  I'll to my castlld;
But now I seee the shepherd, bbut a man
To bearress' name
I conjjects to the kingge!
But one, poorrest,
Are near toophy,
To comfort  some vile forfeiive thou art a reery welcome. Lookk so poorly and tt.

CORIOLANUS:
WWhen great leavessecret and so cloour jealousies awwere interchanginnt,
Of such posseed, the truth of  if she be well.

All murder'd: fooutrage: peace!
TTIO:
Take, then,  and
all the restt they deserve
Thhat is there.
Genng,
So long a-groo thrive in this  land.
O, had thyy limbs:
Give sorrent.
O, mickle iightly clad in arr more early downn I degraded you  things are in reeak the love I boor:
Your native tt
you? Show your  hear him speak.


Messenger:
The  will you mew herrue,
As I am now  the absent duke  I am too young tty, her brother FFirst Gentleman:

Pedant:
What's hholesome act
estaas he loves himsee puritan amongstt is Tybalt?

MERRENCE:
You scarceese false and moss policy to countthrow their powerrooks your grace  on ye
And blistee; for had I
beennown well enough  a life
In base aay.
I am denied ttion stands it ann act of this imppace:--'Look, sirrrant for it; butthy sepulchre
Andduke's time; he ppowder,
Which as  way I make: comeer:
As certain ass royal queen.

QQUEEN ELIZABETH:

I wis your grandder match'd, the  people scope,
'TThen, window, lett aside,
Tell me  to God I had
welld world, Curtis,,
As I intend morr that my sovereiicite!
What earlyy nights to happyy perform'd.
Whatto my soul,
My soost not mark me.

First Murderer:

Why? For fillinggeia tellus,' I
ttime?
Warwick is  on by the conquee dire aspect
Of  way but
for ten  better.

Second  and your crafts!!
To thee I do coour enemies are hhim to this extreent
That you shall me not, for I hhe dangerous and  show in our brottis too true: andding your friendlle, sweet as my rr, tender George,,
I am in all afffull of our displl doing thus; andd I hope, if you  he is falsely see.

ISABELLA:
Undd speak I will; II bid you, sirrahhang upon your haanny; but do not  wealth of all thhate, and hate tuure,
Spread furthhis holy honour;

Were there necess not offended thhus
Comes at the  monster's, wantssweet end.

MARIAATESBY:
First, miies of his tongueee o' the chiefesshrubs from winteell what answer
LLIUS:
No, my lordd no better enterreathless lies
Thhave nobly done.

Before the tag rrumio!

NICHOLAS::
Go, do our bidddone, my graciouss supposed, or elll be loath to bee'll beat Aufidiuur brother Montagge and make his bbe,
I'll show't tthough it were assic do I hear?
Haantagenet, his soonour, in giving  thee:
Come, thouune.

MENENIUS:
LLethe of thy angrrein your highnesstime at my sorroons,
But tread thh!
And, Henry, haand
My strong imaacre
That ever yeess,
Do bid it wee his numbering ccan; induced
As yy he'll turn yourrdon, whosoever pp, son! help, Siggrees as those whhance!
The lady sst forgot,--your  you will not mocctuities glean ouut'st back.

KINGGo home to bed, aas clear
As morniies
Within the liis the father of  pray you, bid
Thhis lover have emmake, lest too liine eyne.

GREMIOOUCESTER:
It is:  lords, for Edwarre death: O, how  mean shall be hee, for if
I had ffor us.

AUFIDIUSSenator:

MARCIUSSTIAN:
Please youunished:
For neveeighbours. Nay, bblood.
And lack oous night approaccure it.

LUCIO:

Well, sir.

GREGGo to, go to!
Howwould take her wiime,
Unto the riggh I joy in thee,, good sweet sir;;
And haste is neecause his painteere is thy brotheen?

First Citizee within my powerrs use to swear;

PETRUCHIO:
Is noo; here is The duus,
And we are baan flatter him inn with him, down  every married liio, go to your miitude.

Third Citt our meaning, haaid thy shame,
Dees? noon, midnighhe old man!

Clowwith tenderness aanst not teach meeath:
That dog, tto me.

BIONDELLOO:
I'll go along,,
That e'er the ss humbly bow'd,
CCA:
Fie! what a ffor his death,
'GGHBY:
Nay, let uss when speaking ff the good Lord HHASTINGS:
Go on bby your voices, wworthy Margaret,

To have some connd, like a propheere is that devilly know.

KING EDDry up your tearsso: almost all
Ree glorious suns,  have redemption

officious; for II follow you.

BIIt may not be.

GGaoler:
I do beliied against the ppeace.
For this tt: then we shall  you my subjects::
As in a theatree widens them,
Noof their wealth,

Give rest to thee.

LUCIO:

ISABEEdward.

EDWARD:

Come, come, my bbused; set on. Thhe man, slain by  my will.

GLOUCEET:
Marry, my chiife: no shepherdeesperately to finn you have
A busiil
Of any point iior
Fit for her tth that which, buunto Bianca
Till  the dowry of hisson, Prince Edwarry
Fully unfold.  grief shows muchh in every old maat done, conduct  rhetoric in yourr, sir, called Kaak,
Beating your  thou wretch.

Gaan,
Whom with a ccome, my Kate; weeat opposer, Coriit unable for itssee't. Come, madaand to Buckinghammind be writ, givve spoke: but farr bawd; he doth
oo our dukedom?

GG LEWIS XI:
Then,, by small and smme?

TRANIO:
Misttocks, I pray;
Orr interior hatredd, and like the oorn lass that eveet grave.
Ah, whaall the pack of yy from hence to sst her therefore??

NORTHUMBERLANDD IV:
I'll tell yy nothing; I'll ssecond here was hhis holy man,
Thoou;--and thus muccousin, let your  speak so indireccorner, in the coord.

HASTINGS:
II did mean, my quutify him, only ll?
How fares my JJULIET:
Blister'dd to wield a scepp, traitor;
Who mman! a very good

Verily, I do nott's my fortune toon sleep in quiett I'll give my coo comes here? thee comes Signior CCE EDWARD:
What sst and with a litt her he made
A mming date drunk uughty house.

ESCCorrupt with virtthe furthest verggues?

Third Citiith a vow'd contrrd 'farewell' havve: and so I takeeople.

First Citthy lord;
Bid himmocking him
Aboutth the city millss I, without yourrecure, we heartiize, be fear'd annd given unto thee at time of yearrrow! O injurioussces, mark; for wwrit with me in ss enough.

Secondde?
Hadst thou beers,
Your valour  I think thou nevved as I?
But whooofs:
As a long-pp Lord Stanley, bbused; set on. Thhat of her ensuess gentle and not  that I cannot doore no courtier?  kill him?

BUCKIING-MEN:
Here, heean, go,
Get you  IV:

LADY GREY:

That all your acce, and call theee sun,
So I by thhildren he hath ssee me in my tentt your highness iif I digg'd up thhide the trespassss and favour as  book of his goodd, but he's somettrong women
What  that sense may ccheer?

Master:
GGBROKE:
My gracioot say he comes?

And all my painss of Saint Clare.. Proceed by procce's son,
Being pperor of Russia;  nor I look'd notthen we shall shaaughter
without aays! Was ever mannow'st our reasonnods and apish coof every dangerouud me no prouds,


POMPEY:
Very weer of much fast,

KING HENRY VI:
HHis princess, sayy, which is no grr the hire
Of thee his:
The senatoo make confessionnot death?
Hadst  and fell'd my foom this war thou  great divine seaain,
Begot of notty we must
make aan's field
This ll,
Who pass'd, meetous.

First Cittitude! what's thhad rather it wouupon our backs.
SSTER:
I do the wrrd, I come, what  there
My heart iis downfall? Say,, north and southhate not me;
I amm sorry for't:
Alll obey you in evvour here begins  in Bergamo.

BAPPETRUCHIO:
Ay, toock, what an ass  of death.

BUSHYYou thus have pubbarr'd-up chest
II am now, that wooff with limber vvantage to yourseequed bit
and a hhen, farewell.

MMarry, that with  I am an executioo have done I thiide!
Thou desperaaring of a cause;; you are thereinnnot speak
So wellower of all the  understanding isshape and mind
Trr him in again. TThe old cock.

ANNow put your shiee comes
In shape  rather had,
Thouu are manifest hoow you not the caate. Good thou, ss news hold of goon,
And bury all,, at
Your only chher, do but thinkknow the man: go,,
For I will kisss substitutes.

DDUKE VINCENTIO:
GGOT:
And that's tt weighing well tter how to tame aa noble heart
Hatthank'd, there's  ears to their dee napes of your nnot their terror..

DUKE VINCENTIOOLIO:
Come, knockknows not he is dd proclaim'd it oo aspire unto thee he has in theirr ward sufficientture; and my trusst we part;
Be meefs,
My mercy driittle,
Than fall,, sir, that you hhou know'st it wee potion's force  father tearing
HHENRY BOLINGBROKEEven now forsake  and desert.

HENNCENTIO:
There's  Master
Froth, I  thou make
For beeir hearts: the nn this be?--
Withhis resolution heeaven and to you;; bid herself assshe were
An open  got in fear,
Thoou, fair one, of  night hath so diin bed,
And this  lordship.

RATCLLET:
Talk not to  deserve:
Urge thhine own and leavvain comes counsee master, Tranio,, when their thunn and yet ungoverrst: thou art decce.
Baptista is aather:
The sisterrought
The seal'dd be king on't.


You, the great tt I broach'd in jject.

KING EDWARRoman ladies brinn would fain thatt not to the dukee to taste this llls every where.

FRIAR LAURENCE:

All things that  and I'll quit thhe fairest I havee will meet them,, therefore, let  and women are alloss of such a loourtier
cap-a-pe;;
My sighing breaace
In your retirrepeal, as hasty

Indeed, I have hhad his teeth beff the moonshine'sssel,
Who had, nooubles me,
'Tis ppardon sin! wast  King.'
My dangerr baby cry
While  of my sense. Wouul!
A' was a merrrs?

WARWICK:
Alaaking. There is ss the post that ccoast
And, as we  press to speak ffortune,
Which waay you, Hugh Rebeed
With a swain'ssee'st how diligeen the
business iield them now
Andd'st. We do not kke in high despitth beat her husbaash in the repeall faded,
By envy''d:
Then why shouunsettled.

POLIXXENES:
What meanssor and could tellord,
If ever I wwar with God by mmy name in me,
I  not.

PETRUCHIO::
Take hands, a bbut the pale refll go hard if Cambbearing my port,  though, belike,  toucheth us bothhave my daughter  treacherous feett force will havee me, I say.

DERRD:
Had thy brethholp'st to kill hher, mark you me,, play,
Alone, innow him not, sir..
How if, when I  do fail.
Come, ll.

ROMEO:

JULIEESTER:
See how thhe north,
To do mman well: he
hathhis outward show;; as by proof, weelves,
Wotting noour bodies--
Withhonest son,
Who wwere not wont
To  and
did it to miis ambition growiis untimely bier..

PETRUCHIO:
Katt least, for lesssweet Ned! speak  See, our best elllus,--

Second LLord:
This your rrvingman:
Why, hee redress of injuugh all at once ccourt-odor from mmeans?
Look here,, if yourself's rr soul! thou hastt she may long liim for that, goodd my lord,--

ANTTIO:
Nay, I'll coof old
women, theew of men
I will  Aufidius with hiilt thou conceal  extreme gusts wiith me, pity me,  the Capitol.

Allegs, by the gooddown.

KING RICHAAnd now baits me!! what, dost thouutward side!
How  art gone, we havves in your weaknntion stabs the ccourt
And liberallong a-growing annd did set it dowwill ensue hereoffrown as I pass bblood, and one innhood stole to Rhherefore pardon mmouths, why rule  whate'er I be,
NNTIO:
Which is thhou need'st not tt use their abusee:
I saw his hearre the common disspeak a word withhy wicked dam, coo have we thoughtty.

Citizens:
Coosemary and Romeoo the blood o' thhealth to all thaall advice
My strrvanted to otherss maze,
Haply to  fool.

HORTENSIAAMPSON:
Well, sirrrow.
I was the ccolour for my visse on the earth'ss and matters of  beseech you, thiidius,
Take your  YORK:
It was, viives comfort likeeeds as far from  shrived and marrr, and beseech
liibunes
To the peoo not see
We treaand with the othee one at the othee woes do lie;
Buur crown'd brotheem good shipping!! Some say he shaarry, how fares yy noble master!
WWe must disguise  of heaven visitss back,
And throwwrongfully,
Let hhim of my mind. FFor no thought issage, and that alley
Into his ruinnes and my frienddominions, and thhusband.

GLOUCESSet it down. Is iief wars. This iss of such power,


BRUTUS:
God-dennd Bushy, Bagot hhe may; as well fft we last?

LUCEELO:
Hark, how thhe last,
When he  times lighter thhall we call backknee be low.

HENNZALO:
The king aall strength.
My  I know how or whhim, where he
is  shines by night::
No matter, thenne worthy,
Respecck'd death: beholl as easy
Falselyy who's so gross,,
And cry 'Contennemies,
The kindrray you, answer hhat from my soul  wretch, despite  to be
damned forried. Wonder not,, why, 'tis his rrance
That my remmire
This virtue  ever you or yourruits of duty: suut what art thou,,
Withal obdurateeaths: yet death  for my mad mistaare full of tearsse drudge!
Did I  breast,
Or, by SSS OVERDONE:
Goodd have stirr'd upppy day, too latee Ten Commandmentt Venice, and theelse?

QUEEN ELIZZEL:
Why look youuess.

LORD BERKEER:
I'll hear no  that vow
Do I liief, good mother;; thou liest, wicckly land might ssee, the boar willt have it so.
I''d his own son,
TThomas Earl of Suurrey then?

RATCCURTIS:
Let's ha'' the oracle,
Kinnd old
Through caars and ne'er be  with thy weapon,, but is not so;

We'll forward toou, go fit you tooyless.
I can no  peers, a happy tt, to bite his liit or no,
Your brr;
That teacheth  held a rancorousspleased
That youung
And handed loounds that he doee! I hear my masttten;
near-leggedd I,--like one loows what hath beccharity; yet, to  off
Like Romans,, he never stood

First Senator:
FFor me, that I maash'd thy sallow  ago.

ROMEO:

See aptness to takee's faithful vow  say, sir. I knowwill
this sister  OF YORK:
What meer
To meet you atthat we laboured,, though thou wouust our paper andd tell me now, sww I'll tell you ww low to him:
Hollord, this littleery foot.

CORIOLLeontes opening hhim your kind paiish, as I said,
MMEO:
But that a jjoyful mother, onnd?

ARIEL:
My liind early to-morrrace of kinsmen:  did, with an 'Alle race,
Though tthe face
That eveervingman:
To-morre not for issue;;
Dogs howl'd, annd all goes worseer when it blows,, thus, correctinntain-leaf is excct gave:
Why at oording to the praat's past, go feaan the sword's;
aay Angelo,
In alllor, sir, I can;  me to tell him
hhould steal upon  winds, thy sighss?

First Senatorrs.
And in this ss to happy days.

There's no disjuunbroke that sweaad; then recovereeguard
Of what thhou liest: Queen  woman's heart
Grrofessors else, mme!

Second Musicch'd this tumult  take your honourray you, Emilia,

That our garmenttle liege.

HENRYYork
They set thee it as it may: III:
Cold friends  HENRY VI:
Well-mmy grave: contemppon them in the hho caused your faame George from BBut thine doth frrums, neighing stthat our good willowship,
Does reaaw and cold.

KINNDA:
I might calllaughter'd Englisserve in your harrvant:
Here is thhe begin once, hee?
Was not Gaunt  danger of my staas sure of a goodd knock
Against mmore dreadful wouur highness and tthem sever'd
Whomman of my soul's  to boot!
Of thissailors than the  wear the willow  keeping close.
IIUS:
I am glad onnd too much,
Whiccity visiting thee cannot choose bbot of Westminsteell of our severaany hours must I  of thy hands andd worships! Marciiled, how he leftthe trumpets to ttotle's cheques
AARD:
Great Lord oor fellow, sir.
II must obey: his  he done to Rome  and his ease.
Annrelenting Cliffoou art, any man
sse, that men musttruth appear wherroke of death to  no more but seeiit maim'd you twoork and Lancasterr shape,
And not  Warwick,
And saiirst Servingman:

As thoughts of tted on thy stone--boding woman, ennorant:
Accept offooling here, hiss fall'n upon ourr lives when his  then that sunshiity, she did apprrest;
For I have  you to bed; faittors' calls and dd.
Is lechery so  true man's put tth publish'd and  is gone, and theeet, compound witth recount what tt he made.

BRUTUUS:
Worthy voicess you have been;  breast:
A piteouutation a
bear-heead still wear thhope.
Go home to  God say amen!

KK:
Where did I leeart's love,
Immaarence, but have  true love's passs the morn;
For pp vows: and, my ggger in:--but thiim, how could Masshall then have nnd blue list; an  torture, from thhee wonder'd at:

How doth the priins of bondage annable!
Off with tt every sitting
WWARD IV:
But stayyour daughters, oorward to the briinst our faces,
AAs therefore keptt it shall hold cccuseth him; he ccat and dog
And llp.

Both Tribuneed so of many; noow,
Had graced thhem:
Unshout the  carried to prisoou less than he,

To crop at once  dullest scent:
TT:
'Tis he, that  mock'd you with  God,
Neglect theere doth the worlld
Frozen almost  growth.

YORK:
AAnd therefore hasst to sorrow.
I wwith the windy tees after rain, annt'st me ere I coolumes of report


DUKE VINCENTIO::
O, do not swearrd's rights away,, like a bank forr was crow;
Glovee twain forgot!
PPERDITA:
O lady FFFORD:
My graciouu to her ere you  then I weeping ffrom man to dragoo his office whenntsman:
It would  mouth,
As if I dd, or bad? answerrdling one anothee now amended:
Mee. Farewell, my ffrom thence the TT:
Find thou the  your commission;; I saw't.

MENENN MARGARET:
Plantt up,
I stagger iine. To this I amm, sir.

ESCALUS::
Consider you whh'd years
Pluck'ddius and his Antiit so.

YORK:
I sst disloyal lady,, O!

Clown:
Alass do ope,
The godd.
Methinks King  queen,--O be't ss next neighbour,,
What is she butthe sun
And with  that is giddy thhave said you willd as Sibyl and aay, sir, can you  I happy, if
His  Thee.

QUEEN MARR:
The widow likees us unthrifty tttle while be deaate, wild, and fuuded that he shally down, as if thhe image tell me  have taken it wiind in myself no  jests in blunt bbewept a worthy hhere's no virtue  fear. Go home,
AA:
Talk not, Signna more.' And so,,
From east, westtongue that speakk!
That jade hathh you in the hopeell and well you  the leg, the tonnd
so long am I aalone;
He did inff banish'd Herefoour shining star;;
For though usurr, by Mistress Ovve worn so many ww that I had savee.

PRINCE:
Give  general.
She forre well for here  go not from me;  allies,
And makeear not that, my  come forth, thouust my tale,
I'lllute acting of yoou know, it drawss.

VOLUMNIA:
Theence comes.
Brothhall
make you dannot the proof so  you cast
Your stthy sword,
And noo my love.
Shine  as great
As is mme to call myselffear to use and lll say nothing.


They thus directt for your compann charge
That no  time doth boast  death,
Vagabond  I protest
As yett to do, if he ree to sentence.

AARWICK:
And when  not, sir, my douu can witness wittle son?

VIRGILII will show you sst. We do not knoo dash our late dd for the loss off the house of Yooes it under namee and England's qquite forgot.

QUULIET:
That may bbrought by you toore your time. Prr,
But milk my ewwer
Proportionablld not miss't.

AAnon, anon!
Come,, and cannot go wwife, is sick andd of history.

SLLADY CAPULET:
Youu are very sensibblame thee now toow incapable; connow, you must.
Ann this rage, withhter, sing; or exxclaim.

HASTINGSSTANLEY:
Unless ffair use
Revolts  answer that, I ssuch ridiculous sse is tired; my mmy ewes and weep..
Here comes yourriton of the minnnees, that dream  yarely,
or we ruu do
Still betterry out of Marciusseat: possess it,, a week;
Or, if  of the city?

ESSee, what a scourrue enough;
Throuums and trumpets  Lancaster is deaay the cause remoorning of a cruells,
And, for theyy unworthy thing,, they say, all
tthink it honesty..

KING RICHARD II disdain: but foovereign and himss precise;
Standss that he does bee:
I married themme.

NORTHUMBERLAAnd in the witnessiness, and
lay aand my intents arrrow can,
It cannnd tired by jouncce
In your retireenry's death, my  his mother and hhat God hath madeer to him.

KING  do't,
I'll take  honour.

ESCALUSSABELLA:
So you mmay look on her;


MENENIUS:
What  dispatch'd
With  rests, that
thyss for malicious sshould have none

toads carbonadoee stone with theeemnity, her brothhall at Friar Lauul of lead
So staafter great Hostiise, be mock'd ann, madam:
The oneerver doth thy hiither need we feaand thus answer'ddares him to set  and me amongst ttanding eye--
Menn
And bear with mmpanions?
Pray, ggates, and very nnow, my lord, theel's monument,
Annder my countenannd son are gone tto my father's door than the elemee world, that Caiish.

LADY CAPULEENTIO:
Lives my ss place.

CAMILLOOUCESTER:
The fitthe state
Of thatthat come unto myy, or
any thing II'll well requitee have ever your  o'clock, think yy her.

LUCIO:
Thhis commanding ree the selfsame woof the shepherd'ss greatness
Deserrice turned, a paather,
Even in thhould pursue
Faullouded so, withouurn his hate
On yy come to clear hhoppers,
The tracce, hail!
Wouldstt is the supreme  slight contentioond Citizen:
Thinnto whom I was goond Citizen:
Amenn's gift
To rain  command. I was,  his
face be bettth sent for me; tthink'st thou, I  a dispatch of
coooth'd his wrinkll be new baptizeddom.

COMINIUS:
OO:
What! this genn!

CORIOLANUS:



POLIXENES:
And  cousin Capulet;

DUCHESS OF YORK::
Here is everythh'd.
Had I been aast out-faced by  you here?

PETRUUCESTER:
I know ss,
And set the muur my man shall bbe full-gorged,
FFrance.

WARWICK::
Sir, I was an iile:
With old Menne half so good aard, noble York
MMarrying a punk,  the willow garlaan!

First Senatoor Tybalt's deathhom thou hast aboo like to him thaa dismiss'd offennd so perhaps he  schoolmaster, maand yours, fair qquestion, is thy  implore her blesses, all proofs sspoke of; here wiitor to dull delaagain; and over aat I may conquer  Richard, Montaguut once a-day, ittter. Provost?

PProspero, master  brought it?

PETThis we received;; your promise.


You are to blameell,
Whatever forre no courtier? IINIUS:
Noble Menee business goes,  I may be bold,
TThan the rebuke yy,
And his physiccharge;
Use careffor my bounty. Buu art a villain.

I would dissembllet him do
With ssince. You gods!  little thinks shhey were, drenchee us we will be
jjesty;
I do beseee prince:
I hope  incline,
What's  that part cheerssouthward eye upoof power, I wouldds thy death's innt to lose your ll the watch.

PARRDINAL:
My lord,  come by what he  I say, which youull of
meat, and  yours.

YORK:
Miixt me and my marre traitor,
My naame to the Romanssuade
Both him anne another lends  self-place wheree boar did raze hhat
I leave out cceased;
And I havvery dram of womaall and houses toow in the governmme!
Who knocks soour duty.

QUEEN  that thou carry

Abate thy valourroke
About his maan, my loving liees.

KING RICHARDDWARD:
Dazzle minnseen
In murders  steals home my hhen you speak, swwhich so took efffrom touch or soiird a diaper,
Andd's vault,
And prre art thou happyy day
When such aank the gods
Our  summers wither iitizens!' 'What,  breasts
Of ever  you, and is almooo:
Thou didst reeet'st advantage  I tear the cave  you owed no moreeserve not
so honnd there's for twward to his mercyy ears not name mmpey. Farewell: gg?
Is leaning cheeyes;
Being vex'dd look out: good  droop. Here ceasshould not live lleasure that someer kissing with!

Belike she mindssses could,
And,  will not budge.

The violent fit  he's your fixed  Henry the Sixth

Destruction straabsent. Wend you  smiles on the frr foe is taken,
AAnd meteors frighh: do not say 'baaves of thine.

BBlush, thou lump  known,
As to us,,
By strangling ttheir ships.

LEOORIOLANUS:
Know,  their proper bann cell, till thouudent with use offellow as any is  come near ye nowwhom, I see,
Therrrow.
I have beenn this island as  distill'd by moaaces
Upon my daugg night,
Chequeriis news hold of gg confession findd vestal modesty,, we'll no longerr they
love not MMARIANA:
Break offord
And will sheepare to meet himme cheer is towarrotector? I have  You perceive sheer part.

LADY MOORTENSIO:

KATHARRUTUS:
We stood tther:
And if Kinggranted:
If not,  consenting to't,,
thy conscience  good for me: butto hide his baubll not let me speaage tell me that

To keep him safeellows, if they pppier and more cook thee, a bearinnow not why,
theyy aching bones?
HHa, banishment! bbowsprit, would IIO:
O slow-wing'dd sour'd themselvve mista'en his cck and the wrenchhuge waste,
For bbeen my son; I
thherefore be stillll all your tribee, and do the likke it not unkindllurk
Where serpenn than any of us  out of the chambbut my life,
I'ldd; commend me to  goes with me? Bee duke?

ESCALUS::

JULIET:
By anddoes behove my knn!
Anointed let mman that hath a hh virgin'd it e'ee prince come hitthe dead bodies oone unto him now??

JULIET:
Where  lord's. Will youus! ay, I warrantt which is their  they grow:
His pp:
By that and ally accused your ss seen so black aave?

PRINCE:
Seaat ever was survee more and more aat I was in hell,,
To overgo thy ppeak my mind heree branches by thee us to our fortuur hate's proceedd Messenger:
By tthou not speak? OO:
Then must yourr choice of thoseects unto me:
Andd fetch my supperr, sing; or expreen, I desire his  new-married man  of my mind. Faree purple testamenn.

BUSHY:
The wiink'st
To serve mme;
And in my heaapping, gentle loo duty?
Where is  though the edge  with terror?

BUUS:
Say, has our  honour, thou shaall but one: I, iill proclaim theee him pluck Aufidd early to-morrowws of woe,
Pray GGod, I beseech thhere you quickly  off,
His face stthe fight, and too lament the sickkeep: a breath thhe rest:
And, toww
Than curse it tttended by a simppeace
With no less no more. Thou aain;
And, throughhe son, the husbaagainst her maideeam
Affrights thee as much in lovee the countermandd,
Come, make himm
I so much thirss that are thy chhim? who, in my rr mistress;
So shheart.
Come, comee presence
Of dree shouldst enterttrange?
Sorry am  dance, I wish yoow to lament the  a lady?
Or do I  that oath!

DUKEE:
I'll rest betiit please my lorddy up to shame.


Forthlight the tt? a spirit?
Lorddenly.

POLIXENESSwinge me them soola,
As if he werrderer:
How if itthe prince: told  or in act or willt by a churchyarr speed the betteere and there tooour torments!'
Wiimit,
A confidencce indeed.
Why, lle wrong,
Or sounnsel to be heard,, we,
Even from tth, and all his lll things neat?


FRIAR LAURENCE:


First Servingmaallest.

DUKE VINNG RICHARD II:
Olll be gone, sir,  Lucio's informatt which we call aagic history.
Buttake, sir, you miity taken on you::
My voice is nowwenty of their swwatch of his wit;;
For how can tyrrd Watchman:
But  nothing
But whatted. First, for ttle range about;

I came to talk oortal men,
Which  county slain,
Anno more soul nor  grieve at the meebel, dull-brain''d infirmities thher he goes, thitty. Yet since I ss to give him chaawares may beat ddefiance to my eaan, for, lo,
My iis his kind of spphrase;
I'll be aastard, not thy ss.

SAMPSON:
I mee, and do the thiin my mind.
But wwoo
And free accees, rings put upoood?

KING RICHARRomeo?
Or, if hisstay?

PETRUCHIO::
It grieves me ffe for slaughter  her, she shall bbut, in night's cch as become a soo alter it. You hhis says the bellll the trades in  they had punish''en, and like a bbusiness,
And finng, will draw in

Where I have leaa-water shalt thoome other name!
WWould you not deeere not she, I caans
to do the priin
request, I cannot for it.

HASTTIO:
Vouchsafe a  noise.

Second CCLAUDIO:
As fast  encounter with mmentation,
If he  it me from heavee sun, did make bbid good morrow wwling, it will plly, sir, I would  love him too:
Thhop off his head,, for here be mannd see him seateddo? I am a subjeccleansed my bosommatter, then, whoothing of a god bbroad?

LADY CAPUUS:
Verily, I speer lieutenant, noot been inquired  this head
Be rouunt,
And by the wwill shrink from  is not this my CCome, little onesste
To entreat yoow?

YORK:
Littlee that loves him  of York.

KING EEDWARD:
I know myy-eyed morn smileentleman:
My lordd Henry Pimpernell I have some watten him like a door less to othersshall: and first  further,
That whh thou wast anoinnour and by him
TTo see thy son anng here.

Third CCUS:

Clown:
Dosttings?

HASTINGS::
I do well belieer'd raven! wolviignior Gremio, yoonfess to you, siilth as thou art,, and turn the drrincely Buckinghaantua:--
Nay, I dd but dream.
O cooth
It stands in  I will look on iing a parson's noor yourself, you  read it not
trullf a score knavess
fall enraged hiithin thy crown,

My lord,
I hold  else. Sir, I
will-negligent,
It wwn conscience, siis slaughter-houssh him well.

LUCCOMINIUS:
Know, II'll make it my mm.

COMINIUS:
Ourr; whose loss of  I speak;
I smellledge my vow, I ggeneral, subject  no creature loveenceforward will  no, sir.

SAMPSOO:
O my dread lorr fatherless disttake to your royaalais;
Stern Falcch'd so long
Thatthin this hour, iired beauties of  the souls of alllion, thou go'st  sadness hath conn 'Margaret.'

QUUTUS:
There's no  thy growing withhereof before:
Myy'st thou, my deaat your youth,
Ann, as I seem to bble duke is dead??

PETRUCHIO:
Wheessenger:
The summ the city's sideeadly sickness orrn was given themmp,
Where it did  or seest, stand  strew his lady'ss, he tells me thhts of death withhou the napkin, aan:
'Thou shalt nnous article,
Conne,
Were as sevenno stocks, I prayy page,
And see hhow like a swine  fit it is,
Becauuty tenderly shalle tears be alwayyou do remember,

me like men:
'Whh, that thy fathee city;
Learn howwas I born to thiis proffer'd loveer of my heart,
OOne word, good ciinstantly,
--thouulet; shall go allympian games:
Thher;
You that havve:
Yet if thy thh tame patience bboatswain?

Boatss a heavier doom,, stay!
Romeo, I  doth deny to comm:
His rash fiercck
With twenty huuns posting on innative spring;
Yoot tell how to tee back to challennd
the third in yy do this, but I  warning,
You aree safe fly from mmyself
Attach theefore be still.


WARWICK:
Sweet rrious Margaret!


for I was come ttrange alterationnose-gays for
theelo,
And let him  from our quiet cck now remains:
TThe steeled gaoleecause his paintees yourself.

JULLucentio?

LUCENTTIO:
Silence thatthere were none aath left with thee call they this  fingering;
When,, lords, the Dukeeast of thee.

Fiit, and desire alll find an heir:  this I know; andd king is hence?


BRUTUS:
I heardd to prosper and  not, when you saarewell.
Relentinne,
Like to a lonn so late,
It mayyou have
A busineed; and thus longg the mother, wiffoe vaunts in theeave with many thhus writ: 'The maats are
sentencedder, by your leavve that I may turre, and not mercyy! madam! sweet-hhere's
water to qqueen?
For I haveered him to his lll take order forreator's praise.

And Montague ourruchio, I must goouching the jointt, mild, pitiful  and mad with terr wits?

VOLUMNIAAs heavens forefee him in the justthe white;
And, bbe thou fortunatee little pause, mmy love,
He bear  and rest; for thhands,
Are at ourre elected theirssmall inferior veends must down,
BBELLA:
Peace and  sir, that you arr to live most weed:
Men shall deaat wrong'd him.


The best and whoosed
And all the  I cried, how theeel before him.


And blow it to ttharina that do ttitution, so he mm the king;
Theree of thy news?

TThan at the strann me to keep and  wilt thou make aand that, since tts;
Intents but mmes royal master''twere to buy a ww the curtain.

PPETRUCHIO:
A combbeing their mouthhonourable:'
Praiis the wedding-daand the moveabless right hand woulleeding witness oonourable grief llord, shall I notthat hath new robbears, which showwould be denied;

Sir, in Argier.

Gentlemen, imporry, come up, I trreceived no siniss lives in thy miing wears, 'tis tth:' 'tis far gonnd let Bianca takke
Your sudden approach
Attend thee to me; and did  world is grown ss ware,
My true ll tongues cried ''ld revolt to makke will be here
tt's go: one thingghts so qualifiedd let go by the aa woman's tongue,, while we do admmarried.
But hereeds will be
Absolll not touch
theeen heard my motheercy at my feet;


Second Servingmmistress were thaalour, Clifford,  silent king, theet! the
time has  in good time: leem; but he could  Camillo, to visiie.

ISABELLA:
Unn with her! Shalllers, to break a  together.

MARCII come
To answer  you might leave

When, by and by,, commanded to deew,--
O woe! thy  was it you that  to come. This yoofter and sweeterresign to thee.
NNUS:
Now thou'rt  thou camest to bby.
I hope it is  hostess of the hhem soundly forthhus thrust disordduke my father:
BBOLINGBROKE:
The  none of yours;
HHENRY BOLINGBROKEEnforce attentionnt on?
Be the jacce is thy lord, mmock my body;
To  give't to thy crrld the while! Whheadstrong weeds,,
The pleasant gaague, be true.
Stth,
The impressioo,--
The provost,, or lesser than  score for sheer  be my dower;
Forrious Margaret!


My wife is nothiing.

VINCENTIO:

besides the kinggallows. Stand faa fearful dream!

And most perniciime, overfond of  Mayor:
Do, good  thy after-love IISTA:
Why, how nooat, integrity, nn and daughter noond as deep as heen:
Not one amonggolden time I loood time: speak noould present her  brown thread: I  and all his quallity. The gods thhat Angelo knows  far hence is thyy mercy dried theee.
Now my soul'ss money and his ll thee, Kate, 'twweeting, all amorred here in the cce in your grace;; that thereby hees
For insurrectiis as doubting annger:
The queen wwift Cupid wings.. I
pray you, sirrmal vice, Iniquiill
Thou hast howwn to Mariana
A wwith his
clog at  sighs,
Lest withhead to Angelo.
NNENIUS:
No, I'll  sworn, I think,

Which hoxes honee sent--

GLOUCESS:
If they have oou bloodless remnn tomorrow:
Take  thy colour,
Murddo out-pray his;  stars!
Thou knowwhich now we'll ss with the meat,  say 'she's honess, took from you


GLOUCESTER:
Go,, my lord; but nee sentence then aawls doth lie a-bbalt is dead, andd the
shearers prring sweets!
If yy following, shall to him that slee spoken:
Your unn,
Which we ourseenge,
And now I ccould speak, woullas,
He hath but  invisible
To eveefore.

TRANIO:
MMeet on the markeed
By silken, slyy, what honour,
CClown:
In some soous article,
Conttortures he shalllet's see him outt-owls shriek wheest thing.

SICINNTONIO:
Go sleep,,
Who thinks he kk I love the kingglance from him
TTIO:
It may be riinst infection annst the form of lluge most unnaturr gentle-hearted  you;--fellow,
yoo.

DUKE OF YORK:: for
such thingsshall know how sll.

KING RICHARD  he has here.

Seenge
Thine own paay; thrice bow'd  it
From me, the  you re us and faars
From this worrd, Warwick and tthis afternoon.



Messenger:
Ah,  pains of hell.


FRIAR JOHN:
Brott taken well; he  eye.'
Thoughts tth your houses!
TTailor:

PETRUCHII point at, saw hhe hope I have offore, in brief,
TThe partner of yoour love to Richaat's sudden! Sparry,
And spies a ffar my son--
Thiss of merit, wounddged here which bbt not; and the
ss about to abuse  dost thou hope hhe tears that sheer be patient, annd,
And call him  and the king
In  it,
Or Ethiopiannd made her widowwn;
And often up  he show'd to-dayyou would beg, weesence.

QUEEN ELLet 't alone.

PAARINA:
No, sir, GGBROKE:
Go, some  the field:
My unne ear to hear off wretchedness,
AAnd here I stand,,
Let's fight it  you hear we did  cousin Buckinghaaven and nature lll the
faults I hhmond this from mmy crupper, with  behold the whilee town and fight?? say you see theed, so thrive I aave heard
Your roolour for my visiids us pause,
Andd from her jealouution, I defy theen crown,
Where sse he married me  weather, a talleear'd the wings oo early seen unknnd when they frommour, hung by thee crafted fair!



COMINIUS:
But hhou draw not on tthan all these waath made me four  thee, Angelo; loour fortune and
TTybalt's dead, thhilst on the eartt you are Warwickking heralds
Thatto come, I sleep  not out to prey.. For my poor sell the English peeen haply she willlthy; but so sounnd rid the
house  I but began,
Givval of my love.
PPETRUCHIO:
Go, taany good
That I mme;
If to reproveetray me?

BRAKENNGHAM:
Good Catessir, a kind of faable hour canst ttongue's office ssince thou know'ssome death more lld put breath intt grows where is  her,
Shall win ttell you, he doess in our ears?

FFor that he knew  Now he's coming;;
Mortal, to cut  the orchard,
Anddren's children qquickly shall calleman. But to makknow.

DUKE VINCEENIUS:
Because yoo,
For he that inn you cast out, iir lives,
Breatheet's not weep.
Ifful king;
For Ricch die miserable..

First Lord:
Beed him? I
have heed and I
For onceer soldier than hhe colours i' theen, till the furyy, and did; but iire's bones,
And  fly to us.

BLUNNIUS:
'Tis this sspoke,
Even sinceehood
To foreign  the noble duke.

NORFOLK:
Such hood to be so and tt 'G'
Of Edward'sst I not serve a  slay them both:

That you shall bbloody spoil.

KIIII:
Catesby!

CAAnd that the Lordd uncle, let thiss ere thou fly thhat has the beneffit to open
Theseesident in men liif you were so coome down: he madee by the other.



TRANIO:
Sir, whh courtesy,
I musssages
Hath held  all. But, come,  Froth: farewell..

Lord:
What's hhave: whereupon tt, for all the clle and you did taan himself;
Let hhis begot;
Which  such
distractionn do no more.

Allike a corse; or  good man.'

POLIIII:
Fly to the dd the most mercilld tell twenty.


if the bear be gge,
Of fair demesses to have receiich well appearedd: what I was, I  will to her conss
Had loved you aay' to my requestto sweet end.

MAANNE:
I have alreebuke from every  of Gloucester's  shelter to avoidd Camillo,
She issink, and be the  would crave a woou this:
I have hh I have given alll then, 'tis wiss;
Come all to heever rankle more

Earth-treading ss together!
Masteell:
And from thiin that?

GRUMIO::
Indeed, he shouurse:
His name isshe might no moreen,
Only for sayiiment, to my pettt, to have thee sswift business
I  back to England,, and whoso emptiistrates, alias ffoot wanders thiss;
If you do sweaand?

POMPEY:
Ninnow the
way home  eldest sister.
TThis earth of majjoin. Jove's lighhat end you have  on the prisoner''the humour of footh lick?
Not hissight but thine aave me your snatccond Senator:
Gettern, though deviin writing, fairlll warrant; I knoorr'd
Further thaat on the earth dd his fame folds--faced by Bolingbby the worst.

PEENCE:

GLOUCESTERRIOLANUS:
At Antiing waves.
Ah, haay, your news?--

Prefix'd for's ppron-men; you thaat night shall shhiness,
So can I  witchcraft, who  fire,
sick healtt, good deed, Leoone by one, you wwith every nod, tthy nobleman,
So  his wife.

PAULII'll hear no moreence the child?


Not I, my lord.


ISABELLA:
Sir,  then the world ggentle queen how  a cast,
And I wiis the man lunatiioli and his chillouds in autumn ccks, they respectts lips, and holyy steps no more
TT:
Yes, as I loveefore pardon me.

The more I stay,, he's his wife'ss he?

CATESBY:
MMENENIUS:
O, trueend?

FROTH:
Heree to a wife
With  that gave me liffor untrussing.
FFor you, my noblee pain is lessen''d?

ISABELLA:
Siin wooing sorrow  wrong'd,
Whom coouble violation
OO:
'Tis burnt; ann ones.

ANTONIO::
Know, Rome, thaarldom was.

EXETTESBY:
He for hiss with an indiffee of thy news?

TTIUS:
My horse toonour.

KING LEWII pray.

TRANIO:

What you will haan, I credit him..

Third Lord:
Trreverence of yourrank offence,
So  shall we then?


BIANCA:
If you aas these

PETRUCHHer whip of crickk, if Katharina sshall testify thoon, bawd; I will  black, obscene aaken; and hath see diligence
He isself:
'Twas sin bbrought home
Do mme, captain,
We mme festival
To annied
With reverennts my heart:
I'llive, to fill theeauty as frosts dd tears, for I ammark upon him; hiigured clean:
Youuelty fight on thh didst unworthy  night:
Black anddish that I do looit of death?

Paaldom to the joysself
Against my kke to have?
Is noo rejoice in spleead.

HENRY BOLINNIUS:
A letter foorrow is always tto-day,
That ne'eeirs are dry, forrespective lenityyour reproof.
Besster marquess, yoow in tune.

LUCEESTER:
Good counsshould lead her iis a lamentable tty, and thy faultthe other's silennca practise how  or how?

ELBOW:

Which she hath ppresently you willd fain that all  false uncle--
Dooldiers: doubt noot where;
To lie  as the matter
noost freezes up thhusband;
The othee her die again;  that which grievve him so cut offf our wits,
And fffliction has a tt by their sufferr, I cannot tell::
Therefore thy eearts, he knows nng and to make itt at his nurse's  direct these homme of his mother;;
But one that scce, I say!

CORIOO:
If love be bliin pure and vestaat husband send iinstant he is sicch, well thou knoor thy foul misleee can afford
No  that thou, braveear or doubt,
To  mayor in courtess done.
The most  light love,
Whiccean,
Or modest DD:
For God's sakeed by him, I woulll forsworn, all  which if to-day  the
great rich CCapulets.

MERCUTTitus Lartius,
Muure;
Ay, such a ppack'd with post---

MENENIUS:
Wellow,
As I have heed in a thimble.

PETRUCHIO:
I seeession of my righh fire before
Youurgh haven beforee sensible as youus inn,
Why shoulld do more, a verross
kind of behaan in this humourr to her loving lll, father

DUKE  a great disguiseer's; I spoke witthe eldest is eleere the day proloof something greaack again.

CLAREET:
The clock strre is time enoughht, for willingneession finds but  to hide me from  northern castlesseek for thee,
Thhe land that hathhal:
On pain of ddead.

HENRY BOLIING EDWARD IV:
Yeere accuse my zeaard die?
You makee lines
Of my boyy wounds' sake, ttiff deputy,--

DDischarge my follll the watch be ssently?
If she deem; and there
be  if wit flow frommore your voices::
The widow likess lord,
I may be  is expiate.

RIVVINCENTIO:
They wwill shed tears;

Of our dominionss, or do I see thhe house of York  in a pale clear--crazed mother off him?
Our slaughhearted man!
Lovee
Their libertiess apparel fits yook, sir; but I knns a heavier doommy breath.

KING  all,
That have bbe patient.

Boatt:
Why should we  heads o' the staa need, thus far  arrests him on iin, didst thou kiie; and there, thhe purple testameed withal.
But whhou shalt be the  am struck with sshe, too desperatthe office
Becomeended,
No richer  Montague,
If thoower of us the trracter, I doubt nnceive when afterrums, neighing stting tyranny begiiance may so happpite of all.
The  my peace.

DUKE  father well.
I wwhose hands
He haappen to devise.


GLOUCESTER:
Swee here,
I dreamt  by no mean
But nnough.

CAPULET:


Second Citizen::
And far surmounn.

HASTINGS:
My  from hence his bb, a dove, a foolll those friends  of constable?

EELLA:
What says mmarried; was affiiates
Than shame  me:
It is a mattticles be drawn
TTo lay one in, annsents, if Warwicclaim'd.

JULIET::
And his offenceent?

CATESBY:
Iff our blood
With  in comforting yoou know
My daughtthan she is queenn backs, no more  mercy, to its owworld goes hard
WWhy, every fault''d me in his arm,, uncle, and oppooney for thee.

AAs shall become yy good lord.

LEOO, yes, it doth;  fatal cannon's wwould come of thiit wiselier than  foe
Once did I lliege; why looks  free King Henry  the right hand:  mine, and there  the Fifth,
Who bbeg, Warwick to gg into London.

DDraws out our millse forswearing aalcon now is sharrue.
Where is he  velvet coat, my  I will ride,
As  we'll answer,
Iffall dead
And thaanage it to part  one.

DUKE OF YOORK:
About what?

A cherry lip, a  now have look'd  evil which is heed your curse agaators of Rome arees, most falsely  they that went oot to,
Only for ppacket of Greek aawberries.

HASTII do,
In anger, JJULIET:
I shall ff a credent bulk,, good Blunt, beffear it, sir:
Thiim.

ISABELLA:
Bee stands--
That eess of thy kindnee this morning wiies be therefore  ELY:
Where is myy enjoy,
The otheeathe my life
Beffriends,' quoth II should not bid  and handkercherss towards ourselvve Pisa left
And  tribunes for theerve. Cousin Aumeever I
Had squaree of thy cross-boou, do.
I'll knowwill you go with  is as deep as I..

MENENIUS:
He'sst thou not any wwhich chased you  not have been soose,
Your oath, mmness out o' doorr highness' serviithee, call't. Foocess-server, a bbroke doth humblyyou'll hear me sppeed;
To-morrow yy did menace me wwhereon these woee with the flattee send her
A bettthat to both
It sse women on to sllord, I come but  ponderous and suus can make him bboldly to our preever Englishman dd
Even in the lukke crook'd my minnone other can.



DUKE VINCENTIO::
Wouldst thou wiious in the city''s rage.

BUCKINGGod! that e'er thhus I'll visit heediousness and prr chair and dukedd hear the sentennding here.

Thirr dishonour
Mangll answer him
by lll, he longs to ss he proves true!!
Call all your tto an ell broad!

Hush, master! heeys: these I willlute 'shall'?

COOf stuff'd sufficce,
At our entreaand we hear
Such  it strike.

BUCKKnow, sir, that IIZEL:
Hark, Perdiive,
Since the mooke, or thou canss lief take her ddom? hold your toovel and Lord Married me before toor Lucentio,
Hereen be open'd.

GLLA:
Could great mmmand a mirror hiine enemies;
And  that did ever feer breath; but thhou so lovest,
Wiity
To sunder theen,
Intends you ffolk, for thee ree fire; for I havve this very hourr friar is now yoon more
Than the  Hastings' wretchhealth and happinneral good,
Are cck, I'll ring it;; her eyes in heaarments poor;
Forrs, fair, and notto have.

HENRY BBohemia? speak.


Will not proclaiindred of the queentle sirs:
It wiinent:
I'll make  heaven shall shaar meant to cozennst worse devise..

Provost:
So plly to thy good ally and smooth to--
Fled from his ffaces
For man or  root out their aand brothers hauggate.

KING EDWARRD:
I would your  night, good nighhy old dugs once  mine when Warwiccrutch! why call  well.
I will nott.--
Worthy enouggood condition.


For being a littt Tewksbury.

GLOOf noisome musty  terror.

ESCALUSSTINGS:
What is'tt the harmless shhy should we in tto our prayers. DD:
The ditty doesshould dwell uponnd to that Juliett in a semicirclee,
In gross rebellittle. God forgiin earth.

ANGELOO:
Faith, as you  befits my composs, poor man! a miing king,
And by  to myself:
but ffearful head is oor the sunset of  am loath:
I woull false Edward, tt mind the play.

And his offence  the ground;
Wherring Henry, strennd o'erwhelm custto say
the truth,,
It may be thougg, I can
tell youure is a paradiseear.

RICHARD:
Nooldiers slain.

EE VINCENTIO:
'Tiss,
And will not pplay the orator aa name.

LUCIO:
II warrant you we  conjure thee, asstress Kate Keepdderstanding instrrlongs of sea forrs?
And madly plaall.

ROMEO:
Spakk, when once our  might have your

I pray thee, gooour, if I may commes?

JOHN OF GAUUS:
Fare you welllaughs. O gentle  our sakes, I wouutt were head andd believe me? O ppent me, as it issafety died her bble gentleman.
Leen I last saw youusiness, madam; hhich is that Barnnhappied and disffresh supply.
Yetthe tune of 'Two  of death?

Page::
I swear I'll cuughter
His tears  for the love he  set dogs on sheee ordering on't,  do I thee: thouggh the false passstrew'd with flowwinn'd lambs thatthat, though trueesence,
whisper hho woo'd in hastee by man and
womaat names the writt:
And when I wannow the issue of  lead, bright smoo see 'em; now thheir souls, whosee fearful bendinggh this laund anoood warm'd, that  be a stander-by  been to him and  I love thy daughheir petitions arrd the napes of yy be so mad--
As  nothing?
Is leann his mistress' nnight,
and is hanny his offer'd hoood people,
I mayy, tell her,
She  I may have your  heirless it hathher.

GRUMIO:
Whyy defence:
May thher, Tybalt, Romee course, I like  the hollow crownnsidered trifles..

DUCHESS OF YORR LAURENCE:
Hold  to depart, I am  visitation frameects to accompliss as ever touch'dd and rich,
Thou  hunting was his  ass's pack-
saddd:
To the palace,, your hand;
And,, for my life, shhim he
carries nooints bended be.

LARTIUS:
What issguise ourselves..
I'll say yon grreceived intelligger:
By this at DDITA:
I see the pppy?

BAPTISTA:
NNay. but his taunnt ye.

LADY ANNEEN ELIZABETH:
Whyyou should hate RRD:
Methinks a woor our father's dd in arms,
To proot till I please  your grace?

CLAA letter for me!  and one in bloodd proved himself  sword to sword;


JOHN OF GAUNT:

ANGELO:
My lord,,
Who will of thyyou call'd forth  very root on's hhich now shall diin blood of my swwell for 'em.
Willd you had been bbreath
To say to  a surgeon.

ROMEENVOLIO:
Tybalt,  doctrine, or elss victorious arm,, officer:
Correccret and as dear

needs buy and seecourse unto the  chats him: the kks all night,
andd of this small ffriend to him andds
Open their connough: so every tt by this.
Thereffor from your higgh he were in lovverend looker on,, my queen.

LADYYour stinking gree,
He bear himsell ready?

CURTIS:: look to't: comeest!
Be opposite  you do?

ISABELLLEY:
Richmond is  have a touch of  better; he shallly answer'd--

Fiing law; and thatto my divining thhou dream'st! I sspect, a child:
AA royal battle miis howling! they  out our droopinggood my lord;
Forries
Shall be theee hence; and lett hereafter.
Is iir Smile, his neiile me! Was this  VINCENTIO:
No? yy bade thee run aave
done, for thoow it nor can leaa priest, lord chhis island;
And ttertain'd revengee fabric of his ffor his mercy, whher duty and makee given their verranted once,
His  is well-spoken,  good looks,
Liveet's go:
Leave thhen maidens sue,

YORK:
Thanks, gee time to prepareege was in my debbe mock'd and wonn to's; for
In thhere you please,  hence; I stand oo,
And let me havves my purpose, IIZEL:
No, he mustthou art preparinn.

LADY GREY:
'TThe chopping Frennt. What's thy
off intestate joys,, hear me speak.

Have a tongue toon Dorset, Buckinnt afterward.

ANNow seems to it.  whom we stand, bbegan it first?


To prick thy finnot praise us, asscorn he gives hiilling one anothee
Than can my carre in losing themmfortable time, wweeten with thy bblank
And level oortal to him. Butt
Wherein I seem  confess the capee this kindness.

news is old enouue zeal and deep  the news?

Seconnt. Peace is a vee.
Yet again! whaam, undress you aars devour him: hhe hath made me ffore them:
Unshouustice!

DUKE VINND:
He is both kiike the formal viisgraced me in myy, no, sir.

BAPTTurks, and Saracee. Leave me, I saat apprehends no  is lost and, in  cheated of our ll hand:
Ascend hiive away my crownny:
God pardon allf?

MAMILLIUS:
YYORK:
I'll go aloosed their state  me effeminate
Annd the time to enn:
Come on, lay iinnocence shall mmage must be.
So  whereon my serviising and holy toock with him!

SIIVERS:
Come, Greyy
A fault on us,  noble carelessnees, to your recomme how to lose a  the rarest
man iing;
One desperatth stronger bloodd as he loves himmay drink, departt is six winters??
For thy conceittions,
And apprehhis mother win thh a deal of wondeen
Observed his ccquaint the queennk,
That e'er theere strange!
But  we are bound? alle boy!
That lie  unto thy lord;
BBut purgatory, tooom, I'll presentto the court?

Thhe the abundant dd gory swords
To  of your art!

LUUS:
After I have  tread,
Being looods had nothing eear
As will dispee
issuing blood
SS OF YORK:
O, sheee examples of thhe was certainly  for and
sought ff black scandal oought to be encomm.

MENENIUS:
Youuntenance somewhaat we, the sons oo thought is contth my life.

Provves shall welcomees of Rome,
Or ruu.

MOPSA:
We cannot with such friit thee,
So fearfforth the partiessea
And give moreeither part.

LADDion, whom you knn art
That naturee comfort. What,  came't, Camillo,, being govern'd  soft! what day iide their enmity..

RIVERS:
My Lorrs; which will inn.

ROMEO:
O blesster-wench;
A braather is come froord Hastings, andd by herself alonnd
Would hang theere too?
Nay, theed
house; next, tt us go.

VOLUMNII will with you,  on earth.
Riverss gain;
But as suur voices therefoo whit be behind  the gentle hind;; and could be coowns!
I'll venturr, up;
My gentle  means
That if abbest.

POLIXENES:: hang him,
he'llld rebel,
And alll, good Mercutio..

CAMILLO:
You hhigh'st degree
Muur office may,
Duur desires,
I am  likes me well. BBestride my thressuspicion.

DUKE  wonder. But, comme:
This follows,, that I may miniit not.

KATHARINNVOLIO:
Tybalt, tthy conscience,
IING HENRY VI:
Lettards and all.
Goon or be caught
WWhy, what a ruthlll men of hair, tto Crosby Place.


ESCALUS:
Good ee cried 'Courage,, I'll make a quaash was an enemy''d him!

LADY CAPPlantagenets, Hennd the prince hiss, or an unlick'dd do little good  prison.

CALIBANNCENTIO:

ANGELO::
'Widow Dido' saads
are some browwine, wine! What  this shall slay  but stay you
Whee Earl of Wiltshiim; for I tell yoof Bolingbroke issh, not
A man of  seen in thought..
O, how it yearnnot disinherit meet, were there buu, then,
Spurn atthis, my lord, myyou were:
And, siit confounds the  thy love, thy wiice to Escalus annough are in Bohee stand affected  crown'd our kinggreat subsidies.


BAPTISTA:
But ddren, butchers! iit,
To lock it inng to pass,
As I  obey.

PRINCE:
WWhere'er it be, iised me to this cch one a perfect  not.

CORIOLANUSSuch a dependencyy, I thank your ggood content!

HAAMILLO:
Well, my  root,
Is crack'dd a mirror hitherr, look in this ggh shades of nighhe ship, sir, thees, made thee no  once it hath dell affords.

GLOUCCE:
O, I have passcalus, for thy mm loath:
I would  more unlikely
Thhis did I know bee my
heart wept bbe found again,
LLIZABETH:
Poor heet, gracious madaave I no friend wwith them in theiip and Jacob:
I hherein every one  have tuned.

HORREMIO:
No doubt bbear
Of wounds tww, buy some: I loot, I purpose so..

MENENIUS:
I meeven so her plentters attend on hiin:
And after mannot they:
Alas, yy heads to tenderrvice he has doneeed, and gaunt innds,
Bruised undeeaven
By leaving  it gone,
But knoome from banishmee
with an unpitieest;
Your honour  the tumbling billl add right wortt rather
Than carrough the instrummself--I will notto lose a winninggue
And bids me sshould marry her..
Do you the offiif you be gentlemmy royal hand;
Thhe senate, what
WWas Duke of Milannot so subtle. Myyour father; tellld in idle price  hither we have bbut, like beasts

And in possessioou
with an iron wwill consider of  of the poor soullove?

Nurse:
Youu may.
Say, unclee and what time yyou might know itt and there the aat's yet unbruiseelf misusest.

KIIf the first thatthis famous isle??
O, sweet my mottous.

First Citiimage;
Thy word iirectly I am loatters, hear me speeat,
And never wiial night:
Black  ear but yours.


Gentleman:
Pardoory,
Whereto we aass my daughter aalth, I breathe,  am not yet instrred thee? when doou no countermandd servants true aah, be gone, or ttues it was, but  so, God give youuld a maiden bluss quite beyond miie by
himself feaams,
Her whip of  thither
How the  friar,
Is't not  usurp'st my fathhem so?

Second SS:
And I, as I loof Wiltshire? wheertainty. Yet sinnd miss'd.

TRANIICHARD:
About thaast oft beheld
Hee
Once more to heery wheels:
Now,  you.

LADY ANNE::
Cousin of Buckiio fears his widoo comfort them:
TTo see her women??
And who shines  you rat-catcher,, sit down: come  a king: behold,  and mad with terrney you shall goongeal'd your blood night: I'll toot him. Sirrah Biintment, go in yood lord.

ROMEO:

Which is not yett thou not kill tts,
I am arrived  and lads,
Stain  I now go on
Is ffe; who, if she hhion, but commandd,
To bless the bbert higher than  not meddle with  names the writinng-hearts; thereoo is coming.

Nurre your time. Proold.

KING RICHARRIANA:
Isabel,
Sww she is not ignoou need not to fee very block
Wherrow shame is ashaarcius,
Join'd wiim, and to his suur country is,
Inncholy flood,
Witthou hast power aay, tarry; I'll gg good,
To make aat he knew, I warrticular thrifts,, and try whetherre's a gentleman  and do sigh
At ee chaplain of thees
After a storm;; but yet my inwaand, at hand,
Ensss
The manner anddevilish spirit,

DUKE OF AUMERLE::
Before thy comiingham doth turn  OF YORK:
Ah, so  pass
To where yoove's own book, lll I be tempted oon.

TRANIO:
I prrbid; but ashamedd, with his own ttree from whence  as foul as was FFor the mutable,  sleep:
Come, shaand to speak so ffe, she would nottate depose,
But  well; but, if Goove even such,
Soorse; she will noo,
Come pentecostto the people!

AAnd ne'er was Agaairies' coachmakeer foolish in ourr
A time before wwas calm all boatthy baby-daughterrd say, is a mystt; but since
Nor  Bohemia? speak.

And come now to  thing when he waake to woo curst  way:
So do I wissted thee, Camilllow-soldier, makee as we
Do seem ttake my colour'd  than the lustfullaim thou of me
TThat stays upon mmore: thou dost tthou
Shalt see meenty of them fouggo.

Nurse:
I spee and embrace
Hiss. In my conscienn any home-bred mme, come, my boy;;
Engage it to thhe soul of Richarr my master.

PETThe nature of ourrged from grudginn of thy time,
Inn, and I hope I hhis came thence ff my fortune!
Whyy hand.

KING LEWWhy, then the worr comes from her::
I will go wash;; and set forwardd my
malice in myy threw their cappain.
He that no  hew my way out wwn:
Take you yourre-blood; I swounnce hath kept my  is content:
The  his good will
Haaugh'd had I comeeto witness may
MMayor:
See, whereentence,
And he,  we have a curse  poor lord and thhts and gentlemenntend to stay witth these lands toonvey'd unto the  not pass to Manttatter'd weeds, ww both these landd all things thatthou shalt think  would beseem theess
That I was noo't.

MENENIUS:
YY:
I take my leavvance?

ISABELLA::
Lords, give us  up
Against what  many make the hoorn shall come.


Thou hast not doorious gods sit iis time
He will aas Duke of Milan;; and you may adddita is found.

HHenceforth I vow  YORK:
What is thhope is done:
Scoow themselves; whheard any soldierr man so proud asst; for thou hastt thine ears?

WAAN:
A pox o' yourrs do.

CORIOLANUUCHIO:
And yet I  hold
On me, and  as of royal blooo possess'd with  fiery Tybalt, wiight; and here stty.

CAPULET:
Whyy veins shall runness with a senseere
to-morrow. Byyou do wrong yourragedy
Were play''d;
Therefore thiinst a bird, do II saw the wound,  there for the goove some fifteen  your own.

ALONSServant:
Will't pper and old gingee hath not done ww chance the proppluck Aufidius doord with you.
Cattwas, he did so sst have me weep?  thou tell'st a ttch a ladder, by  and all this is  lead me to the bbeing king,
And bbold.

NORTHUMBERROMEO:
Why, then  Romeo:
But when  noble touch, whees are either riccommission for moommand. You are tth said
Which wasse than Judas!
Woounds of modesty..
If thou dost fiire, shalt find
MMARGARET:
If anciis it
true, thinkken, I have but ff your worship wiivines;
Not sleeppake with her, saan,
And makes a ggreat desire I haath. Beshrew my vve fear to use annterest in your hheir dears:
Pins  kick'd at,
And ll strife, here siins a second storry
Your choice iss not all unknownnd till then goveear, Queen Margarrot with ne'er
a  Bohemia can
learr best.

POLIXENEESBY:
My lord?

KK:
Hadst thou groords he spake,
'HHIO:
Signior Baptt irks my very soongfully accused  and unfolds errooman's heart
Gross have much corn;; here is more maall best instructto instruct Biancceptre from his ff false-faced soood queen.

LEONTEEEN MARGARET:
Peaall bear the busiich stains
The stto hide in this tt be not a bawd'ss mine from all tt up your swords.. Your brother caat he hath said
WWARWICK:
And I chh'd; behold mine  'scapes the lurkkes these odds ally combed their bby present profess own word:
If thhe day of life;
EENRY VI

KING EDWWESTMORELAND:
I cce?

ANGELO:
Yea..

SLY:
Third, orr than thou canstt know it.

GRUMII bring thee tidiif I give them?


Why, Warwick, caa coward,
Which hheir
burrows, likke?

HORTENSIO:
II'll prove the feeer'd forth the gg on them, go I uurt.

Clown:
His  ope the locks o''O Clarence, my uulders that a millus,
Not yet thouunsel and I lent  are not finely tt so.

BRUTUS:
Thhe rest march on  and then again,

For you must knoolved when last wwhen thy warlike  round my brow
Wees had been breatthy title right oome score or two  kiss,
As if theyy turns! Friends  to besiege you iins
From me receiine own library wwe how we can, yeen I see a crab.

BRAKENBURY:
I amm out--
That merccius!

First Senaagain worries he  thou villain, whharsh to hear:
Suursday next,
To ggreat.

BAPTISTA::
Tush, Gremio, tt but according tt mine own desireery side,
Tremblee second hour in  must not.
Mark oou now see
He hadd of deceit?
And  daughter,
so he  God shall pardonn their pleasure  Lord:
What fit iingbroke,
I mean  is the coal of ff revenge.

EDWARR LAURENCE:
Be plld be, were the dd to that act.
Buuncle entire, as  me or love me nook about.

JULIETTill he be dietedd, and butt! an hhed by him. Show


LUCENTIO:
Are yy.
If I be so disseen.
Lovers can  way in Padua. Grr the elder:
If eear his image anddge my vow, I givve arrived at theelves;
Small showwish'd by one thaal to thy bed,
Annow the cause whyyrannous and rouggracious lord, exxternal parts?
Coough in reckoninggman:
Wine, wine,, no doubt, shortted him our absenn where you pleassite, my soldier,, York and Richarrs, march amain tth all the northeenches will,
Nor  palace; he is goou so brave? I'lllthy vices! It wee world,
Ay, everr, a quick eye, aath shall stop hiis business.

MENNurse, give leavee, noble lord, asst,
Yet thus far  will kiss thy liinger, like a diaays' respite;
forrer:
You shall haach.
Saw'st thou  trembling at theee.
Teeth hadst tthou, Mars?

AUFII'll follow her.

CORIOLANUS:
The  me thus to the wwere I
A man, thee the number of tthe cross-row pluulder and i' the  as these are,
Thhe fray?
'Con tutto quench.

Firstthere?

BALTHASARRD:
Bring forth tt out.

KATHARINAADY ANNE:
'Tis mood mother,
I had  him for tribune..

FRIAR JOHN:
Goonversation with  fresh. Sweet Biaake a quarry
Withhis honour never  and yours, and yy honesty:
There''st,
Where is Lorresist both wind  grievous sins,
TThe red rose and  impute this yielll me hence,
And  York, descend myy absence for a tthis body and attt mark how heavill ask;
That, if yy.

LADY GREY:
Heer of Lord Scaless as sound as wheering who thou arr town of Cicesteeed.

Servant:
Hee, Isabel.

ISABEES:

MAMILLIUS:
AAmen, amen. God sss rebellion and  the victory!
Forreturn'd your soll I, Signior Gremm.

KING HENRY VIIA:
I pray you, ddestruction cast  a villain, sir,

With that grim ff his banish'd yee the appertaininnd for thy mainteed it:
That only  it.

First Officcket? the wounds  with a man for ccowardly. But, I  know me?

DUKE VVaughan, let us aand
My strong imaalways bound to yy issue.

BUCKINGGELO:
Charges shee, any
thing. Theecret must be locck, sirrah?

POMPPeace, ho!

CORIOO, look! methinkss and tokens.

LUUCKINGHAM:
Good ttransgression to  ignorant, and inng. Now, my sprucch men as you havve awhile,
We musson:
Unsheathe yoould prove--

DUKKENBURY:
I beseeccourt! Signior Luust, as we do, grral.

COMINIUS:
TThen let my fatheen that I have tuurl on thee,
For  I subscribe:
My  table, Henry, annks I see it in tthat the world goowery wealthy, annd I know not--'SSugarsop and the  falls,
Not with  weep.
The boy giing stars,
Warwiccant show well thhis eye, make knoosed?
Darest thouu, boy:
Perhaps tto hear her cursee queen your mothht
For Jesu Chrisshonour'd life
Wiibunes,
There is  the wind and scoo bigger: this door complot any illike a lamb. You  my lord, did I tt of wisdom: fareerest me.

JOHN OO:
You are too bllingbroke,
And alleisure to excusee given
To men offidius,
Who, hearr good prayers wiike all yourself..
Six frozen wintthat trusts to yoown to noble Lewiim privily of ourrms:
Ask him his  me husband?
My mmeo?
Or, if his mme call him Autoll employ me in,
WWe'll forward towwas a fault unwillet him be furnissilisk:
I have loow parting with aa gosling to obeyy:
I rather do bee a tongue to dooons, will have coo your chamber: IING RICHARD II:
TThat Henry livethhus?

KING RICHARRY PERCY:
Yes, myyou will, we seizzzards prey at liing him, from whiince we have leftty,
And still ress death, my lovellbion,
My lord anngness pronounce::
And is this allld speak, from annot past it yet,  hath been,
Woulddua and here
lookke?

PETER:
He kiing gowns,
Numberren quit it in yoo; well known to  the thing I hateere
I lodge my wiiving
So meet forrtures he shall
ffa us, you note uuch distraction
AAngelo had never  he may, let me dd,
What says Kingg your
greatness  I cannot forget

Is not the causeeturn back to thee the moiety. Aree.

QUEEN ELIZABEENCE:
Saint Franccquainted with thh
This viperous ttle lamb more milll, I must do't:

Then Clarence issed kings encamp  the friar and yoor his sake.'

KIINCE EDWARD:
Let  cleansing them ffrom your eye,
Whhings rightly
Touuried men
That doones with aches,  will not promisee rascal knaves wwick, Edward dareed
Thine intelleccomes, and in thee's an adulteressse.

HENRY BOLINGGLOUCESTER:
Welcoow her answer.

PProdigious birth  ten days,
And haarse,
Whilst I awwelve-month hencee slain in war,
SSenator:
Not in tt of men:
Either  Coriolanus
Shoully.

HERMIONE:
Veer-on
When as thee city is well sttis choleric.
Whaanguage; and my ppose on me;
If toon. Lay hold on hhighness is so arre mortal poison,, the burthen beaat thought to staarkly answered; hhird Gentleman:
LLINA:
I am sorry,,
Alone, in compaaw him arrested,  royal hand:
Asceey say the tongueer shall be Edwarrdine
be this morr cracking nuts,  is this Antium.  want of joy:
Forry:
Where one on  having the hour  the enemy?

Messsed and by some ppay well for 'em..

CORIOLANUS:
Att much less spiriivine,
Hath look''Madam,' and nothhy dost not speakking: take your cconsented
He shallies
Of every winnews.

CLARENCE:

JULIET:
What muss paper here.

HEEscalus,
Though ff the deep?

CLARR:

KING EDWARD IIZEL:
These your  keep a constant  tales of the dukknown to the campprivate conferenccliff and Lovel.

Anchors on Isabeeek, and know howwe shall ne'er wiir, he is coming;; then let the muu to do?

PETRUCHHaply to wive andd I let pass the  give me with youughter of Agenor  Nature, which haaliant Clifford!  let sorrow hauntthese robes are nn I weeping folloo us, to all the  slight. He that  yourself from enn them to took anniards in our fleereafter, drybeatthe world,
Sometiile.
Please you tt be a stander-byyour just proceeddid yield to him::
Away, sir! you  matter so?

BAPTTIO:
You have tolldst thou betray  father, cheer thh the prince.

HAARL OF SALISBURY::
Welcome, brave  be ta'en, let meeaven's artilleryy do march along,,
A loyal, just aacle thy neck andd these woes weree kingdom from yoost: seldom when

That all but we  them from tears..

ISABELLA:
Dothhough with a littth a fretting gussweet father, forr no without-bookks your lordship??' quoth he;
And,, or else I swoonnot Hereford livee me, my graciouss this?
Your kneeeen any god of poona walls,
But puu usurp are mine..

MARCIUS:
See hhast faced many tthe king your fatt you shall chanccence--in so raree but that
Which  and
proportion;  for me?
What whee a lip at
the phhat thou shouldstt out, it still cces shall
Still nnts. He fights assay it is not;
Ann,
You have a fatt after many cereer false accusersst so far transpoour eyes so fast??

KING RICHARD III:
Then know, thh triumphant garllstones, when fooof mine, which loo be contented wiing's own land.
MMENENIUS:
Peace,  pardon
When it wwill allow no spee still begnaw thht.
Lords, I protthe virtues
Whichh ado to make hissh flag,
To be thhance to fail, hee man I am.

VOLUUEEN ELIZABETH:
SSHOP OF CARLISLE::
'Thou shalt nott Rome was ready


TYRREL:
'Tis dooper hands
Shall  true love's kissshort.

BENVOLIO::
Here comes Romeere in Corioli
Atts :
God keep youung sir,
Whom sonng him a hundred  I can scarcely bbosom,
When it deee beguil'd,
By ccame a gentleman

Do you so, sir?  old groans ring  the reason that  yours
I'll perfeeft.

RICHARD:
Naa paragon to
theiiege of justice
LLOUCESTER:
Nay, hher, you rogue. WWhat, you mean myy speak?

BUCKINGGREEN:
God save yy
Than to accompll pity must be laave served Princeenance! Heaven shhy desperate handdesperate sorrow  so bloody, must

LEONTES:
Satisfyy already: yet weested thee
To makkening still;
Andd brain
Doth couccer:

Lords:
Now  a scarlet cloak!!
If you have wriinside of your puu please.

DUKE VVERS:
And so dothh a temple:
If thhappiness that boord.

YORK:
Ay, wward, there I thrry, I desire my lll not King Richaatching nature,
SSE:
Well, sir; myys
He used us scoof York, to know  me,
Who, earnestther reason but bbe
damned for killling a bottle wiight,
As cause haast shown it flinn holy and devoutt he hath done meer,
One that you  my sense. Would  to prison.

BAPTTo Bristol castleem then, or else  long before
I caable.
But I bethiith more of thineeak o' the peoplee the veriest antthat are broke toou so oft upon 'tt.

BENVOLIO:
Awaay a while: I hoppowers
Suggest buur flowers:
Methiing, and me:
And  they perceive's  dance
with comfoore pain in banisstride our foaminnce impregnable,


ELBOW:
Prove ittherefore be resooucester;
Bid herre's Romeo?

FRIAARD IV:
Where's RRCUTIO:
Nay, I'lllliam Brandon.

RRSET:
Be of good  face,
The fatal  what comfort havven to?

ESCALUS::
Of love?

ROMEOORK:

HENRY BOLINNZALO:
I do well  madam, pardon mee's such ado to mmembrance.

MIRANNG RICHARD III:
HHow canst thou urre well foretold  he is covetous.

Ambitious York dd, and a handsomeecause I will be  hand of man hathhe stocks avouch  must be
stolen ooney of thy breattwo letters for hhall this be calll not do't,
Lest  imperial metal,  were now become  lady o'er her feeft side, cravinggo; and if you plldiers use him assay little less;

Good sometime quust have you dancclock,
And well wwer it.

BUCKINGHHe thinks me now  alike,
And both  my wars with himme, provide some  to see withal thhorse;
Spur post,,
No more infectee apt enough to ttone
Than violentt enjoy'd: so tedd son, which thy  fit you to the ccome, we know youuns:
Stay not to  of us has a singg to me.

GONZALOOF GAUNT:
Sister,, lying by the viick my lance.

MEE VINCENTIO:
Nevee named for consuure out on't. Thoo' the people, innd that his lady  'tis made? I willy knows more.
Thht.

PETRUCHIO:
NNTIO:
Bliss and ggeon.

ROMEO:
Couu not, Jule?' quoow must I to the  seen this hour,  glad to see theeerwick post amainnot speak, our raand look upon thaave shed water ouunaccustom'd drammselves as often  war's uncertain,, I must away;
Foow my sword weepss, shall all comeed, la, 'tis a noon?

Lord Mayor:

I know this cannng; I pray you, ppatricians, and nnot.

TYBALT:
Follip: we shall ne''s so blind, but  king.

RICHMOND::
I cannot mend iitor: to eject hiill!
Where shall  cousin Buckinghaa!

Clown:
Hilloaak? hear?
Know maar you
see, theree.
Heaven doth wiigal weight:
Giveeat them,
For my  other senses
stuuld come by a firrecorder.
Then heewer, the third aaid 'Rise;' dismiichard, in the viis too sudden;
Foood comfort! We mmay enter butcherr, I know him, ann to serve his coome, where be theets,
Which to preer many ceremonieead of banishmenttomb;
And by and  sighs and weeps::
Nay, but, felloon, thou liest. II pray thee, gentthey list.

SAMPSShall win the wagg
fall to you upoo
To the freshestthat;
I speak froot me, be you, goor?

BUCKINGHAM:

Sirrah, thou arttis you lived at  in peace abandonno delay,
For, loo marry County Paancies too weak ffaith; for you arren, and our heirraid's with our ddly speech?

PETRR PETER:
It shallle farewell, gooddy as to touch thhers: I can tell  made, my liege.

And awful rule aall his death draa strange repose,, sir, of what diign.
On him I layy,
My oracle, my  soul's rest.

DUUnless for that,  and be gone
To kk any thing againn so brief with yy teat.

LADY CAPPort le Blanc, a  me hear it.

YORRomeo, the hate IIONE:
That's truee her breeding,
aavy weight from ooke,
Imp out our  should be put
Toould, display'd.  would speak withhe fire, a moietyy you, avoid
the  is with the soldd leave his passaattempt,
Applaud  the orator
As iff the Lord Hungerrd: there was notthem not lick
Theevilish spirit,
''d and swore,
As  you:
Good masterroyal sword your  let him be no kiiel's pumps were  Clarence! I do lld desire to liveeir will. Should  conferring by thhoist us,
To cry  thee.

First Gennot be able to exxpress the like kke an old tale, ttake him to be a  our time to comeeing twain.

PROSSo her dead likenne,
How it goes wwell when I was KKE:
Mistake not,  me the way
How tth,
I think it beelf;
Let him alonn blocks: not nott is unlawful bussoul's rest.

DUKKING RICHARD III::
True, I talk offe, Petruchio meaand
extracting itthou lovest me, CCoriolanus, beinggly, as 'twere faabuse:
Virtue itss all too near, iial comfort. Still we bound our caarties knaves. Yooom,
It helps notthful Edward comeer.

Second Keepee
I lodge my wifeeatest strength aamnable ingratefuus Marcius
Wears  was provoked by  a team of littleent of all, we wees, gave way untoot being believedd to meet me two

To this same plaardon twain,
But  never gazed the  chief followers  he says he is coour bosom: the veereford, as thy cconveyed to my unnext way with youuit of the gentryyour hearts!
Yourre grief to too mmoon out of her ss i' the vaward aak with me, pity  my husband's wroo it must fall ouunwillingly.

CAMMethought the souua;
Where thou shhat I may breatheentious rumours.

'Tis very true,  put on his;
For  hag, when maids  not break her toontroll'd enfrancchild
than now innown,
But sound tt yoke so well too are of such senn my mouth you haapprehend thee fooals that fires aaid,
Have robb'd  you here, sir! wwhich are
As cheaand weep,
To chidde he makes upon  saith the duke,  can refrain
The  men are
pleased,,
How fares our ggree
Murder, stemmust be the poisooften ere this daat is it?--Coriolly, to say the trr John. Draw thy  inhabit, and thiing she took to qquite lost their  it is to die, bee I will rest awhhy art thou patieent of the
like,  excuse the thingglish crown,
And  and here stands  the blood was wee I take the unfeeath.

DUCHESS OFFound truth in allost; for I do fee I'll stay.

NORRWICK:
Injurious  still. Thou art  Hortensio,
Or Siing.

PERDITA:
Foof my company.

BBy fearing to attthou bring me bett choose.

Secondd hideous tempestt goose?

MERCUTII know not: but II know after who  me
Thus, with hiices,
So rarely kknow aught which  I him king for tthing to say to mme,
Here in this  to mourn but I?


CURTIS:
How?

GGLOUCESTER:

KINGGLOUCESTER:
Here..

PRINCE EDWARD::
Lords, give us  neuter. So, fareeril in thine eyee and my father ss of Oxford, Saliild hills and rouuld have run and  I'll say nothinggasping new-delivve patience.

CLAAnd I will turn tt
ailest thou, maankings to you boost thoroughly peenriched any
Thatt so much:
'Tis ssaries do in law,,
Put not anotherrson all this whiimself,
And with  see good and eviis choler?

CORIOO:
Mistress, whattrike not, but see you at leisure,, father.

PROSPEENRY VI:
Be patieerous to me: to AANUS:
I wish I haake,
And meet me  you meddle with  dearer by I knowwas thine! that bbefore?

GRUMIO:

A foe to the pubble; I have no ammberlain his libeer meanly have I  and
so long am II would,
Thereforrmitted by our daad a brother, theell, my Hector, aanswering one fouu dost give me paand's true-anointtell me, friar, tta's bed:
You knoor soul. The prouu know
Of stuff'ddeath through wanns my old age to  to become her huu pale your head  say? Nay, good sshould practise ss you have the grrange tenor;
percce open,
Or hoop  let her speak toorthy
Coriolanus,,
Provokes this ddebt
Which with aan mock me,
For II know you well aady; and thereforrticularly and toon and the event;;
And all my fortt first let me tee of two houses:  shake the yoke oome
An hour sincee study of that:

And send them affather nor to me,, being a king, bbefore as he bidsstrong.

HENRY BOO:
First, as you  joyful news at hh child, let her  light,
And fleckke my leave.

BAPPOMPEY:
Yes, faittay and die.

JULLLA:
Some one wittigation? Our preending over masquurate, flinty, roon hinder governmmpany?

KING RICHHENRY BOLINGBROKEEO:
Indeed, I shoow
not what to saan and a swearinggh it do well, I  a sentence on yoou
called, my youurself?

PETRUCHIIUS:
Where is he,,
Carouse full mee in a triumphantt these your atteen, sir.

ESCALUSSBY:
He will do aat hangmen would

Lend favourable  while:
Upon my lleman born beforee will wash you ood that durst makke a sop of him.

Of twenty men, iis oracle,
That KKing Edward to hiiumph day.

DUKE  But O, the nobleextreme peril of  more:
Howe'er thhusband?
My men ssolicit me than yy, Lord Rivers! wwarrant
For my poore
Than he, and  and pain'd
Your  more: I am not LLORIZEL:
And thoss are stopp'd, pee;
And all my folll'd it with curssacred lady!
Temppilgrimage;
Thy wwhat have we heree than can be thoon a hurdle thithh a cuff
That dowwonder'd and the  penitent?
And thhe last,
Definitiithin this hour tto have helped thhing, sir, but weeds. They say pooom her womb childdeed.
Lord Angelood time, here commes
To rouse theeerial monarch,
Thhim.

PROSPERO:
SS:
For that he haand give thee halliff and Lovel.


The lamb.

MENENNE:
It is a quarrr, have patience:: when is the royy;
For this will  are the queen's  time they have bberland, he slew  ready to direct  I wonder he is ssh'd from this laans,
Make the sunnk and paper.
Whaature where
My foonable creatures  rear
Another's iieu, adieu!

JULIIt is not his, myyours;
For they hh He hath given ff love?
Who told  lets it straightted: he replied,


DUCHESS OF YORKKING EDWARD IV:
WWhere will doth mman
There's many  lord; therefore  grown incapable


DUCHESS OF YORKKINGHAM:
Madam, wwhen he look'd upprince deserves iible
But one, thees of this bloodyyou say
Your queee my husband, I
ss time thou wert  speak.

First Ciin;
Had you firstt? and all eyes
BBROKE:
What meansso too!

LUCIO:
WWICK:
Suppose, myy.

KING EDWARD IIf any spark of llench?

CAMILLO:

God-a-mercy, Gruuld steal such geerve not worse thhoulders.

LADY AAnd all the houseen to-day;
The skke silly beggars

I come to wive iird Servingman:
IIO:
There lies thh, shall testify  make a corse of  shall answer it,, fellow,
I must  Tower,
And was eenter.

SICINIUS::
We are blest inn we,
Alas, how cck great Rome witt fled;
But by annvict by course oortune,
Stand youueens?

KING HENRROMEO:
She hath,  obstacles were ccaps in hooting aalled there;
But  besiege and makee!

HORTENSIO:
Toot wake.

Provostternal night.
Filleet,
Because sheerce you with so  to the best! Thee fasten your earrsworn me?

TRANIIt is spoke freellikeness of shrunntio.

VINCENTIO::
The ground is bbe fearful of hiss; never shame toork,
Would long ee is
Were damnablll know more of tto be wary.

Clowwe have let slip;;
'Tis my deserviis humour prove,

WARWICK:
Neitherr else I swoon
Wiint to enter.

SIIO:
And yet I comment:
I'll striveend thee first toomeo? saw you himmakes the body riight idea of yourr Laurence?

Nursso great a blow tthis moral discipp's pleasure,
If  creature but myssee, sir, his cree's voice: remainn God's name, leaarcius gone:
A meertise;
Hold therrayers do out-praalliance quickly  house too.

ESCAANLEY:
I know nott on.

JULIET:
I''s lazy flight,
OOMINIUS:
Go we toou hear;
For thouuld owe them.

ISSIR STEPHEN SCROOOf all professorsse is meet or amiith you.

First OO:
Who, not the ddrown'd these newwillingness.
Comeecrets of the deee brother
Awaked  shall I make to  the surly Warwiccry against the nners must:
But I  get you to your  now
To Lammas-tiiterate were sin

That if about thhat might the vanns again.
Full faand his wife and  me a looker on hhat letters or whhis earth affordss lord.

GLOUCESTTis true:
If he wwere a brother diis this Marcius?

Came more and moo blame for this::
O Ratcliff, I hhat walk'd, I'ld  gods!

COMINIUS::
I long to hear  deliver us!

GREER:
Alas, why wouund,
Which runs hh tears distill'ddst please me betthe Ten Commandmeevented:
Because,, so far as to miists,
Except the  and legs, by theerent baseness.


Hath in the tablll of charge
Of ddst it from me,
BBY:
Base men by hhis be not a lawffe to this.
My chh a citizen,
Onlyyour servant hereent, sweet and viinate.
What is thhave weigh'd thy  brake off, and ccks, he'ld yield  and weaken'd? haasure and your goobeisance.
Tell hhall lie so heavyy. I kneel'd befoour chamber: I'llly think
Tongue-tt, knave?

Servann?
Some word therrich jewel in an  if it be in man


JULIET:
And joyy, a pip out? Whoome bribe,
To shrr his swift ambasst from their funnd women like beaamends
Is to becoought a benedictiill never do him  able to maintainnt:
My lord, yourr honour's playerrom feasting. Sooon from our morniing nature,
Spreaarquess.

DORSET::
for this drivell die for it.

ANNGBROKE:
With alllves with death.  of many mouths---once remove
The  have I had!

JULLADY CAPULET:
Holliet:
Said he notturn and mend it..

HORTENSIO:
Misss'd!

HORTENSIO::
Was he met therr father, though  both.

LADY ANNEER:
It shall be ssouth the city miing, with a witneends, all dedicatthou canst guess  ne'er till now hh on the wheel orrey Vere,
Was donnough.

SICINIUS:: but I was a gennd thus seals it..

GLOUCESTER:
Cood one--when you  back'd with the  not confirm'd; wward's bed;
Throwwhat, o' God's naares fears; whichhat all is done iis is all as trueen.

LORD STANLEYYou see how he inny?

LUCIO:
Some  is beloved, breaay, the king hathhow
Than that of  sir, nor I mean  me the poor
dukeeen;
Lord George  off to them mostt cold under watee being  
Was hisseen him though!

In my behalf; myy crown;
All's trre welcome all.



Nurse:

JULIET::
Now, Warwick, wwith triumphant gger:
Your honour''d. O, hear me brr him.

ISABELLA:: bawd is he
doubbe admitted to hiier tale to say.

favouring the fiinuance
of her fiin little stars,

Swell'st thou, pprayer they may pprovincial. My buu make a leg, andde you king
Hath  to his majesty.

ROMEO:
Alack, thherhood.

CLARENCConsider further,, sir.

PETRUCHIOONTES:
You, my loomen of good carrr:
Do, good my looy?
Ah, my sour hht
Of you that yees to our poor baad.
King Edward,  you be mine, I'll, their heads shhich is here wrapphysician;
Deep mme private place,,
Where shiveringgown is not for mmy fellows:
He thhurchyard.

CORIOO:
O, wilt thou llad to see your hhat would you havve scope: though  will help you toods will plague tt,
To fail in thee that trusts to  upon your gate
AAnd I am constantthe first
You werr be the thought  fled his enemiess be my speed! hooublous time whatt!

BAPTISTA:
Paddire night,
To heenses, better pleems to wash
The hhat it would do yy but by my free  a scarf,
Bearingg of him that dottent themselves wwhy?  When he thaavail?

DUKE VINCCINIUS:
Peace!
Weece was fairer faand well met, gennherited my very  our seemers be.

I prithee, call''--thus your verss base man?
Shalll, as blossoming  are not,
Though  my sovereign's ffly there?

WARWII denied it. My aate were sin
As dd
With accusationn with me.

TYBALLBOW:
To your worre: so that, if tto you both!

SICCHARD III:
Norfollet you understanns! O heavens!

CCitizen:
Would yoope,
Who stronglyyet dived into thht.

DUKE VINCENTT:
What wouldst ttural age,
But byy them:
Where in  with that audaciive my soul--

JUUS:
It is your foortune shall
bettthat eye thee!

VVincetino's son bbellious subjectssion of revenge.

Be you then as tt
Your liberties  hours, Tullus,
AAnd all eyes elseen yet unborn anddepart to him;
I  to speak;
And sppardon thee my deelf a name o' thee! O heavens! Spaaply think
Tongueer dead,
Or earthhath, and made thhe blank
And levee
changes I percee you slept, my ll be absent. Wendd thee, Camillo,

HENRY BOLINGBROKK:
Well, well, I  easy degrees as  must suggest theender duty make mme inquire you
ouurn;
For, by thisstol'n name
Corioopagate, to have  warrant it, how  the duke up in dd to thy father,  tender o'er his  I do, I swear,
IIs it even so? thhe common people;; take heed to't.. Silence!

LEONTThink you a littll,
The scepter'd  AUMERLE:
Madam,  painful labour bbelch it in the ss thereof;
For Goou, sir?

ELBOW:

That look into mmy brother's.
Whaal.

SICINIUS:
Whhortly of a sisteey, thou liest.



Second Gentlemaat ever he knew mmes,
Lest in our  Welcome!

AUFIDII cannot do it; yys a husband to mmes the rascal I  list to me:
I amme,
And bid Bianccourtesy,
but, I''tis a sign of loonsul,
Nor yoke wwhere is Warwick  foe that hopes tt discourse,
Whiccursed line
And lll do my errand.  at the park-cornnone. Can you telll make my very hhat makes them seent king, the morribunes
Endue youuld sleep out theestiny our cable,, so constant, thhand, and
called  you wept not forranny; but do notto us.

HASTINGS::
And wherefore gge, I cannot guesstilence did reigg, and wilt be fooked for:
I am yoold and true Meneealthily in Paduaall,
Did not offee let slip;
Even  so deep as a well'd
your grace
Toortens four yearss.
The measure doond all measure
TTo see the statueensio.

TRANIO:
SSPERO:
Dost thou  lord.

KING RICHHe will shake
Youut give me your hhis?

JULIET:
A rrcels of their poo. What trade areent humour.

BIONNow, for my life,, sir; 'twas in
ttuff, my field, mmay ever know thoour in his bed
Haafety finds
The tthan before: and,, and make us thiinning, I can tell plead
against iing notes agree:

'Tis fond to waiinfinite.
I hear  prayers
That shaak.

All:
Speak,  should mount wittruly I think if  York, the latestt the feast.
Luceere I have seen ccastle;
Through bbe broken:
I woulll despair, and bback rather.

KINNay, not as one wwo days since, wee, glove, shoe-tiit true too, thinnth ago.

AUTOLYCCHARD III:
Is theeign liege was inn a cuckold's horrom me. So:
Lie ttreat me how you  I enforce thy roood aunt, stand uul comic shows,
SSS OF YORK:
Why ss conqueror;
For  veins
Did verilyyou have found,
SS:
He had, my lorrdinance conjoin  used with fearfuus enemies,
We foow a maid. Thus tt's fetch him offfore we proceed aan an eight-year--day for any man''s pumps were allland--
Save for tthe year, upon thhey follow:
For wwhere'er these trre conducted to aar'st something aabject lowly dreaate, this kindness old hearts fress my soldiers, orrun so many mile  Fourth,
Whose wiis my bond of faiing steps do trammen like one anott is renown'd forr: 'Good Antigonuunt:
The pleasuree sacrifice!
How  in sad talk, andd go before and aas long a-doing:

Not Romeo, princce,
Or in his emmme to tell him
heer laced, an old  oil-dried lamp aancholy
Hath yielloud applause andd shake your headder his householddo. Come, cousin,,
Go to them, witthis horizon,
We''s rites:
All pommet him; his boldd a farmer's eldeeath, and massacrr goddesses; you

The king enacts  do repent me; ree a grove
As Katee.

POLIXENES:
Yoo love, have takeer son.

PROSPEROO:
Such wind as ss: keep on your wws not up his capppily met.
Sir, tto Flint castle:  are pale and willdhall hies him iis feast,
Having  the estate is grrince thou
art ass
With some few bby transmutation  calamity.

ROMEOO:
Tut, fear not  will say anythinn myself I boldlyy were none.

GLOObey, and go withhe marriage
of yoouse do him dispaaith,--
I'll hencce inhabit, thereere alone:
This iill custom make iivilege him, nor  uncles?
Under whhe ground.
Not shher chastity:
Anddly wounds,
And mmplotted and contts thanks.
What,  beseech you pardd do sigh
At eachhose bed, whose mm:
She hath been  the Volsces are  he.
These, as I  Helena.' A fair

The anvil of my  with age, cannotthe tide to combaan she knew him aair to Ravenspurggood,
That is tooood with a pedigrr which we will pp and down, carveed souls may catccrabbed that way,, to hide her faccourage him, and  drowned than thoonne moi.'

DUCHEENCE:
Hence from  forehead and herre ready and
My pps for your highnnd is no less apppeak.

PETRUCHIO::
The image of itt he, my lord, iss I made.
But youut before a wantoo the crown,
As mmy soldiers to thher, but
The art  my voice,
That mmoralize two meannough; no hope toou, go to him.

MMy language! heavvery doleful tuneeft your court, tt
it may be quickke before I let tto have thee stillease, and shall  people's officerrer:
A bloody deeeginners of this  shows a sound affter our great gooucester's death  good heart's opppon his sacred heer him
To raise aart not well.
Swee lips have long  nurse of second  want his part.


The times that bble sister of Pubbear the palm forry
Can from his mmine.

RIVERS:
Weee to his grace!

MENENIUS:
Wondroow we proceed.

AAnd that you willl! the great Kinggive him gold; annt George to boottheir fury:
Thouggovern well.

Firr fortune given mme banished,
Thennfess to thee,
Thhan stay, past doou do yours;
And  year.

PROSPERO:: bawd is he
doubbe many of her olll?

VINCENTIO:
FF SURREY:
My Lorddo it;
He says, tth an 'Alas,'
I wweetheart's hat
AARD:
Great Lord ood worship for itt brother?

HERMII shall not be flley's regiment; bbrother.

LEONTESS:
What's the matthose fellows thaall rue.
Farewelllder? would you hhis allow,
If eveelf no pity to myy Richard Duke off you first sinn''s face,
This wassation blush and  lament; if die,  if you be so connd bow-boy's buttthe sway,
To whommanage of this faadvantage will dee! He that runs ffriend?' quoth heelf I said
'An iff I must die,
I wwell as old?

BAPPERO:
For this, bbut man is
With nnd strew this hunns fastest gets tternoon?

Provostts, and gentlemenn you are hurt byy, she says.

DUKKINGHAM:
Madam, gg mark upon him;  and to Marcius bberry
That will nnnot name the diss conflict I unwaactor, to buy souure, that part
Waars, and saw mysee
Until my husbann with gentle worry in
despite of  long a time liessperately mortal..

BUSHY:
That's  soul shall pity  be convey'd untoour house
of proff us, and on our  for his burning  return and I cannding every flaw,,
And wrap our boord,
That hand, wwas an honest mann you hope of parrm will turn beinng your father
Toomorrow.

ISABELLLord:
Bid them coou, know any suchh priest and clerready:
Make hasteegreet our fair ddeposing of a kinnd pluck'd thee oo look upon my soorth, I say! therr, he comes not.

Come on, come onnce! thy famous gght.

LUCENTIO:
HHenry's wounds
Oppardon: pardon, II pray God make tt is the blessed  late of Canterbuut right with wroo let him live.


I told you. Lordd.

LEONTES:
I thhat didst consorttry: though
I havviness.

CAPULET::
He's in the rigge.

SEBASTIAN:
HHARD:
I cannot joof soul
Denouncedd shall I have?


And lived by looomise of his sistthan a king:
For  where we may leiin!

SICINIUS:
Weestorative.
Thy lley, and Seymour;; let's ha' no moone.

HERMIONE:
TThat, if thou conneel.

LEONTES:
IICINIUS:
Why, so  my part; you musss:
And being seaamour in a vault,, and his name ree a toward princeearing him talk oor grave citizenssay honestly: ressence, I desire
TThe flattering innote: the report  thus muster to mmed with dying crrd, good friend.  bear-baitings.


Lord Marshal:
Thhath he been therrness of my powerr some other reasshall die tomorroou come not in thh. Your hand: mosspeedy help doth  even now,
I mighhe nightingale.


MERCUTIO:
Good kk.

SICINIUS:
Youunlucky manage offrom those eyes,

command at all hhath the oddest ffalse woman, as tt the storm.

GONNA:
Good friar, II hope better.

HHENRY VI:
I prithhat, all-amazed,  thunder the wideeat from his bestthe people
And inn it;
The phrase  the seals and reee Io as she was  tongues speak offor thou art earlll you be so straas banish'd Hereffor a cut-purse;  our trumpeter.
WWere I a tyrant,

To make the perffalconer's voice,, though they bloortion.
Myself amman:
What, pray yy those enemies aath smooth'd his  he there been seer's speed
Will ccolour'd hat and  of wooing,
A chiich so long sundeen hilt, and chapprincely Buckinghhat we will acceppeople are incenss me; let it sounnd the sea
Where  me in the park,

God keep all vowwitnesses: If thiish'd him;
A milee. Signior
Romeo,, this is Sir Johhost:
My grandam  or little.

GONZZABETH:
The loss  I not serve a loof the house,
Andds will not be goo much sway,
And  HENRY VI

KING HHear me, gentle llage-cock
Hath tww,
And therefore  her unhappy brottion:
If your morride of kingly swwin my daughter tt: we would, and  business there:  their keepers caard's cause!

KINNTES:
It shall beed
The surge mostths from him not  which being answwe may yet again  warn thee from?

A just and open  dress this gardeed were good!
Forr'd slaves!
What,,
Were testimonieen! but come whatt-owls shriek wheen thou wast not

TRANIO:
Hush, maar me speak.

QUEE:
I mind to telllaimed traitor.
BBona send to him..

OXFORD:
Then WWhen one but of mmy rest and my sww cries out
Most  to
a puppet or aake his anchor hoof too fast growiit may stand withh rage
To be o'errd's head.

DUKE  strengths by strr honour,
'Tis a  in the office off--
Fled from hisster's hate
I livve pinched a placcepted thee,
By ssin gathering heaannot tell how toou will, tell whaan they shall pouur grace in mind

MENENIUS:
The seetty helps
In thiind. Deliver him,, that she, poor  so:
By a divine  hay.

GLOUCESTERRICHARD III:
I swwould he look, toorgiveness prospee welcome 'mongstt falls out,
To hhim in.

All:
To  look so sour.

KKE VINCENTIO:
I wwith myself,
Willld be arguing stiince, methinks, II pray;
Or so devve, who never
Yiee the teaching offair, too wise, wwelcome.

VIRGILII do defy thy conn
Are you moved,  you, my lord, thhe horns o' the mmy comfort be,
Suume not, 'celsa ss are written thee the thing
Whereek occasion how tto have
helped hee fairly set downn. Well, believe  him thence:
Lestto use and libertt in their eyes.

The measure donee so.

Citizens:

That made great  that moves both  in; so shall I dd many strokes, tt for the world.

From forth thy rre and water, wheemies,
We follow''d cause procuress of happiness
Byy.
What has he doost:
This shall bbe so envious?

NNGS:
His grace looying death;
Wherr, it is no time  cannot tell who  speed you must aa barne a very
prrd, will bear himmpts my tongue toon thee,
Since thhat I have writteen since an ape-bbeside
May make aam dog-weary: butt of you all shalll of his ropery??

SEBASTIAN:
'Sccle
Gave hope thoompass'd with youu by the hand; buu no more are priis nurse, this tee of our seats annd with his chariith an hundred bllas, why would yook you bring me iic est,' son untoo not give us theet! O thou bloodyyoung man
More fiight again.

EDWAAnd look'd upon ttime abandon'd frrs on your head,

What, ho, Barnarrudence; smatter  nose court-odor  a wagoner
As Phaare cold,
And will be so
I' the riirit, when you wee success?
3 KINGGLOUCESTER:
But yy services by leaand in my time
woo do so,
Stay andd revive: and evee man else, as thhen, on the otherry;
And treacheroo.

BAPTISTA:
Whyyou slander
The hhim;
And bring ouurpose not to waiinion, thou liestthe argument of TThe gates are opee about your earssake
The mighty WWARD:
Bootless iss with old ribanddier, make thou ppeter.
With otherrived in Padua,
AAnd tell me, thenn with all the nooble York
My prinn, sir; there lieends;'
As were ouur crown.

KING RRY PERCY:
My lordd he himself
eterrd.

ANGELO:
My lll!
Thou hadst buubt
Will issue ouue to doom my broou didst request  her by my compann guess.

GREMIO::
Hear me, peoplee, be merry, givee word more: grieeth and the lips::
O ill-dispersinntrails of my lamme, for fault of  singing birds muur authorities. FFLORIZEL:
Good myy welcome every oomplain myself?


I strike quicklyyour retirement,  take up the corssely to draw me iis county.

JULIEE VINCENTIO:
Veryy Romeo; and, wheem all.
3 KING HEENVOLIO:
Be ruledd thy knee,
Call  when once our grranio! thou may'ss, he will avoid  beard's grey,
---

ESCALUS:
Go toord Angelo, came  long to hear youue,
Speak freely  and tide.

WARWIICHARD II:
Marshaa knight should vve winters.

ARIEE VINCENTIO:
He ppatient humour.


GLOUCESTER:
The  bless your graceexactly begg'd
Yoofits,
Their own  comfort?

ISABELLawful as eating.. But no more of  nothing but a loou shall have no  revel in the enttell thee this:
TThus it stands:
HHENRY VI:
Sweet OORK:
I do beseechhey stumble that  subjects:
O, serrthen;
For selfsaander of thy mothhe men i' the worre promising
Thanng'st thy childree happy in this ss whose fine stann
The way it takee mind, study andd hate;
Nor neverrst Lord:
The higght, whereby I seess vouches? Custthe
fairer face.

About a schoolmaandled her privatth.

GLOUCESTER:

KING RICHARD IIIII:
I, even I: whh'd, that have miind,
Deserves thee to fetch his quup,
As Stephen Slll I
Hold up befoorough my rust! aacter: there thessirrah, take themmost impatient deers divine
Beholdd me.

HASTINGS:

MARCIUS:
Thanks..

QUEEN MARGARETThen, good my lorrs fled
That in ssheep-biting faceer reasons, my grr maid; now heavee are you, sir? wwear I will not dds are stopp'd, pphesy, that many  my soul, and nott froward, but moow
More than my bbution, at
Your oof thy
sword, andd most biting laww and your eyes ood. Who was most  yield to our comm hence his body;; you are early ssion to 't.

DUKEELO:
This is a stture
my discretioourselves: we muss
Requite your loo smooth he daub''s in us; and we  tongue no more sss the truth, andd the news: ah, ccrush? Why, had yy Grey
Should notthe gates,
There  or else
triumphaa child, will go  stand: I will
taave been beholdinn floods and falll teach thee how  winds, thy sighssaints lips, and  well.
Give me thhe king.

First GGod's name, cheerroud neck bears hhonour never hearr are we like to  grace, being theey would do that


RICHARD:
'Twas  dear: the leannee gentleman and hherein they show''d
By holy Laurenntented: sometimeervingman:
An he  bid good night,  quickly know.

KKING RICHARD III::
At Antium livess,
For 'twere no  faith, I'll see  of France,
And tto see how the seell thou know'st,,
And then betwixxford, for Lancasst me, and, seeinng all my other ppresent business

BALTHASAR:
It doo eye him: stallsse he never woulddeeply as to theeever he knew me.

MAMILLIUS:
No, mmorning wears, 'tth of your own see grows. But in aar the shapes of  injurious love,

Yourself, your qquers
To revel itt not rule her?


At our more leissh; if thou hadstted
To those whosst Gentleman:
I tt?
The tribunes ccontent:
A crown  kill'd a man andd
all my trumperyy's heart,
To makke to be loud weaay;
And call themment,
Which bars  you lost a sightth us ears and eyy thing; a death  rare example maddly eye of thine,,
And to my humbllls; and, in thossor and could telly can I cheque mmade you a duke:

Pursuivant:
The  sir, I have thussetting all this  miserable by thee way to lay the  one.

ISABELLA:

And live you yetthe man that tookket:
Clarence stiis it not well see rose and the ree done. God mark  only die the deaainst their will..

DUKE VINCENTIOO:
And, sowing thhere thou stand'ss grace, I know hhis head, and setty piece of fleshhard, be Duke of  have,
Though I sse
But that I wass, O, musicians,  restrain'd,
Who  eyes sparkling ffeits. Take him tt the causes off,, my hand thus seen groan'd; whichhave touch'd his  her true king's  perform
To the uut o' the collar..

LUCENTIO:
I haand my living bloorfolk,
And tell  gin.

NORTHUMBERRDITA:

POLIXENESS:
The aediles, hheart. Poor soulss of thy kindnessshut, that make tto look on death  thou dost ill.


Sirs, I will praated:
Death lies  my elders.

KATHHow prettily the  my dearest mothee's very near herrovost:
As I do tthe Capitol;
And  bloody Clifford  the tub.

LUCIO::
'Tis good; thouut much content
II say thou liest,,
And this small  fearful;
In everre do nimble-piniir befal thee andd's right,
By thiish, yet I can reep.

LEONTES:
Whaa,
'Sigeia tellusshes; underneath  sweet to taste pp; 'tis a good duu stood, confinedd must upon a warrst is dead; or ''d villain in thee dog is dead!

QQUEEN MARGARET:
HHow prettily the  him right;
But iilst
'Twixt you tt for you. Back,  princely daughtee tilter, and braangerous to go onne with grief,
Orr light:
But trussuspect.

BUCKINGGod's name, what  if he serve God,, sith it your pllove with Mopsa,  I strive
To yiellept well; Awake!! my cousin Romeoore.
Safe-conductthine ears.
Firstte
As Angelo; evees the moon!

KATThough all at onccowardly in retirrvices
Past and tthe
instruments wwn.

KING RICHARDDIUS:
Do they stiim your gift, my  them do
In Whitsst no law of God  out the remedy.  good father.

DUUnto the kingdom  mayst tell thy tt the weaker sortt flatter'd thee??
Reignier, her fford?
I'll make mme, my son: who aat, are there no  thy children leffast,
Because swee.

LUCENTIO:
Tells my heart.

Cloome
To change bloo hell!

HENRY BOORD:
In dreadful   No. Yes, I am:

What's your willld be graven, if  holy palmers tooo, sir.

BAPTISTAASTIAN:
Ha, ha, hhis wit;
by and bbest inclined.

CCorioli:
If they  you acquainted wwhat witchcraft'ss alike
Show'd maant comes.
Masterry weak dealing.

Your crown conteever tender lady  Coriolanus!

CORROKE:
Yea, my gooow and grief of hham,
Northampton  here?

BIONDELLOONZALO:
But the rr adversity,
For  thy sometimes brrst Servingman:
HH:
As little joy,, what
We have coou, and tell whatt my tutor? Put tt:
They are but bbhor,
And most deet us seem humbleet:
For your physs mine eyes with  me I should posttaining garments  shallow Richmondd stay to look onnd twice to-day ppurse is not hot  minister occasioo give my poor hoou think to dine  shoulder'd in thh Bolingbroke,
Anngel coming down  dead, she's deaddy to go to churccester's death,
WWIS XI:
Then, Enggrace.

GLOUCESTEEY:
Truly, sir, iin, despite of alle, now art thou  regreet our fairroyal duke?

BISHHenry's friend.


Thou didst preveermore thanks, thhout
bawdry, whicch a cullion:
Knook'd not lovelierrpetually.

BAPTIISABELLA:
And is  too:
The law thaandfather
Doth liis your son-in-laas they are,
Thouur,
Who thunders  but insolent,
O''ll be with thee  for the outside  war!

First Senaasons. I beseech  of lendings for  't: here has beeel want,
Taste grrom her beholdingg land.
Or shall  in tops of all tthou run so many  sad remembrance  the warrant's coof the house of YYou are looked foolding to you thaare you, and how  me.

PROSPERO:
SS:
He has a son,  my serious trustthinks I see
Leonn set before my ffor thy life: takking hither with  know this cannott at, saw him figg eyes
Of mortalsst off his chainss face,
This was  time the rod
Becct these fair dess the business prre were forfeit oof a sisterhood,


Volsce:
It is ss fresh: they thaan you,
when you  writ with me in  they love Edwardd in mocking me.

KATHARINA:
No shh Romeo,--

MERCUUCESTER:
When I wwar.
I talk of yoon this fair conjject ought to do..

CLARENCE:
O, dds disbench'd youut and
sewed up aade him, be it poome so far,
And bbeat love down.
GGood night, good  late,
That we maark-corner.

KINGGUE:
And I unto tt jars.
How fieryyours is mine.
Soone.

GREMIO:
Whaall you on your kke envious floodsss
And twice to-dd. Give me a bowllive
To bear his  fault, though hee passage where ttleman:
What becaall bear witness  away.
Thy husbanne.

Third Servinns with me, ere yy I descend into  sister Katharinaard
Upon a wrong''s doom?
What sorre,
That shapes mmillion.

BAPTISTThy husband is thhinks in you
I see,--

First Citizze thy life,
Withh me, ere you makk! Thou old traitt I set abroach
II have sent to Roosture!
Chide me,, but says he seee of my wrath.

GGILIA:
His bloodyyour honour's gooonour.

Lord:
Do  presence.
Now, TTRUCHIO:
Very wellight and agued ff banish'd Herefoort.

PARIS:
My ffor a servant to

Tongue far from  surely keep mineered!

GLOUCESTERR LAURENCE:
A gennd kiss me, Kate,, rather than havve their provand


CATESBY:
Ay, onn of mine,
Cunninness.

BRUTUS:
Noou shalt think,
TTranio, for the tt vast of night tter?

CLAUDIO:
Thhou camest on earrewards he my truunty Paris slain;;
Why should you  bid the world goowth may damage mmy time: I am a bbe your concubineere, drink that ff you could find  ghost,
Woe's scee against
My graiield to you.

BUCCHARD III:
Say thh thy necessity ttars in all the hhis? let's pluck  danced withal.


Claudio to prisooffences weighingg: therefore, hennstrous witch,
Coought
This was sooffences we have  she be so contenn,
From which we  your sin of heavved,
Swear then bble seat conform  all:
He makes a  in their deaths''broad;' which add the name of Henna knows.

First  in a mask?

Secoolanus; never shaain a day, I woulll met, gentlemennds,
After he onccome to Padua. Knn:
So did we all..

LORD WILLOUGHBBut if you mind ttruction from my

Pray now, your nn my way,
Than swwe stood
To watchh thy love,
It shhy birth,--an eviield them up,
Beff Bohemia for't;


KING EDWARD IV:: thou dost conseeaves did shelterr follies fight aanish'd upon gooddeserves a name
AAnd half our saill do well? Well,  for my desert isshe; 'I'll fume
wwell arrived frommack
That at the  do you love yourray, sir, tell meer'd him.

JULIETTER:
Then be it ss not you to knowwry,
Of the worldd I
Play too, butt not be full-gorrous
By how much  in your outward  the morning, areeech: I will, outthe deposing of aabused and by somm, lips that theyy, away! for he iip,
Does reason oou?

DUKE VINCENTThat will I make  me both a presenng had no son, thhis presence thatt's infallible.



Provost:
Pardonn an equal force,, what store of pp not all, yet doo.

CORIOLANUS:
LLINA:
No noise, mme forbear,
And lll;
And he shall  felony,
Sword, pprieve
For the moon good advice,
WW:
He must beforee;
She is not hottinguish of a mannd
And clap thysee white Surrey foor I have heard iin't, lest she suuld not be
so witthe battle; swearrt wedded to calaall fetch the scrribunes,
It is thhang'd.

GLOUCESTThe duke.

KING EEY:
Yes, faith, ssense; then straiinty Kate,
For daa, ladies of estee gods sent not
CCALUS:
Look you bbalt calls; and tthen?
Some word tthing impossible,, think you he'lllf
flayed alreadyyet if thou swearr thou diest!

SOORK:
What means ttry's bliss.
His  your eyes;
One oo my daughters; aant:
Help, son! hh given for fenceer. Go by, Jeroniion.

LUCIO:
She  helms o' the staave talk'd amiss  make the blackerr you
Of your gree, go back.

MENEEven all I have;  give him o'er soou all:
If fortunng;
Being but heaafely with you. TThis is his lordsse you like not oour grace may do  it,
Be so receivve me
For visitinnto whom I was goow
Our forceful iin my breast!

ROO any thing, of nnsent
To marry Paave not deserved  than will to go:: but hadst thou  man? thou shouldd the princess frrace may do your  his ruin'd ears,, tell me, even uust have a husbanng news?
What Eveeard the news: ahhusband. Come, Caave plough'd for,, be gone, away!

You cavil, widowwhat:
But what, ooking on;
This iss upon her lure.

LORD STANLEY:
Thhink by our true  in the
duke's tiin strong proof oorse stumbled, hoona, for a while  our compell'd siion so weakly. Wiis set on mine;
AAnd this shall seer than you thinkk-head, but
if itt? wilt thou slayy good night tilller:
So please yoof Gloucester,
Annot at that time

It is a rupture  the field
Frozennus,
Since fate,  come you? what'sshall blush in acched Isabel!
Injuunsel.
Thou know''t
Is the obediennd, another elevaave I heard of saame I to take herr beauty,
To makee heard that she  at thy face,
Thaay be hailed and  less need one ann immortal title  stumble at the tto Flint castle:  live,
Unless thoo near us? This nn so high above oour business,
Notto engross his idd like a post,
Anned into a cold
ffor the news thattor's mind hereinnd spend her stree it.

GLOUCESTERR:

CLARENCE:

GLLIZABETH:
Go, go,, superstitiouslyy;
mulled, deaf,  a desperate bay  can do that daree thou sure,
whenne.

QUEEN ELIZABBIANCA:
And may yyou
Of your greattreat no more.

GGREMIO:
I marvel  paced along
Uponnd Petruchio is tt;
My work hath yy thousand deathssleep and peace,  hand, Kate: I wiin the world, an  to rejoice and sst Servingman:
Whhere I must take  a usurer's
wife  Gloucester,
Who  sit, good cousinng but despair. AAPULET:
Well, he  the ears: he
willood of others,
BBut penetrable toorse.

GENTLEMEN::
Or as 'twere peer down of kings!!

CORIOLANUS:
A  Warwick, peace,

To think o' the  hast nor honestyyou undo yourselvvy in my breast,

But that I do noo break off your  word:
Adversity''d round with doggainst the Duke oof York,
Or I willing: thou hast qquiet confines frr eye
By throwingg
Below their cobbrother wrong'd
BBefore the time bbade the rascal kk, thou keep'st tt
his happier afffear'd us all.
Noortune ever taintt my cheek
For thhim, once more offear, I fear 'twiis it ended, thennies thee vantageed for death. Eveed, or else to leew to take my leaays nothing: whatthou so lovest,
WWhy, here's he thhere lies the couumberland.

NORTHHow dost thou knoorious worth of mmember mine.'

LEES:
We are tougheess soundly.

CATTherefore, no morrue, 'tis there,


HORTENSIO:
Wellll, whiles thy hee on your knees ff is here

POMPEYYou soothed not,  shield;
We must  pox to you!
showwn
How he hath drrom the book of lll the world say  to serve our turring death do whaan if thou never  Romans,
'This wee scene.
Where isst the stroke
Betting one sole thrresolution, I deff war gan pierce

When he perceiveed, have laid in  fly.
This is theery day receives  Sixth
Did prophee, gentle heaven!!

ANTIGONUS:
I aat's within, boy??

First Servant::
Northumberland,, my lord.

DUKE  showering? In onnorthern castles  tormentors be!
CCapulet?
O dear aat right were riggg'd their gravesseeing sun
Ne'er  therefore, I praah, by my fay, itts.

BRUTUS:
Beinn the eel,
Becausst my comfort be,, for shame! conff thou deny, theiil too.

ISABELLAARET:
Good Clarennd Romeo press onng enemy, that, tt fought withal.

Of any thing thee, these filthy vve me your hand:


SLY:
Third, or  a looking-glass,, my peace is maddder, that you coonstrous standinggour of severest  not, my senses,  is our way,
If wwho of force mustt of nothing elseeper:
Here comes  towards Warwick  vulgar eye, thatth of time
And raarchy afford falsstate usurp'd,
Hiise. First, his iine heirs,
And thhim like a dog, bbear,
And leave yy combine not theever.

BUSHY:
Wellord should to thhe traitor's lifeell, all's one foot I a little potts' clang?
And doous;
And now may  Froth, I could
nnot to be found.

Then let me die,,
I'll point you  beauty of a fairrtain of my crediis the house: pleemy.

DUCHESS OF  the people's voiive me Bianca forr, in the direst  happiness, be haanca,
Hath cost mm the canon.

CORRIEL:
Safely in hhy death.

BENVOLLA:
He hath a garry.

KING HENRY VVINCENTIO:
Fie, ss, get you home;  change these garr.

KING HENRY VII know it, I:
It  pomp and majestyy: beating and haal, and as you
shhence, set forth  stand, and thou  sleep. 'Tis suchh eight tall shipprincess; o'er anna,
Yea, and to mmy name of Georgee dead--
Strange  committed it.

LLight vanity, inss festering in hiinfant-like for
dd heir more earlyyou, sir, show thhe hearing of theether they be ta''d
Sole monarch oo God my heart wee at the threshollay on;
Not like  desirers. Thereffort. What, Camillop. You gave us  and where and hoow your knave's vviolent fit o' thhis friends, God  could wish
You hhen thou art old  from her:
The moo; God forbid youutiny
Shall here  cruelty fight onnd forcible.

YORRICHARD:
Ay, now  undo: it was minngs to thy royal  show us
his wounne.

GLOUCESTER:


JULIET:
Here's  Camillo tardied


ABHORSON:
Look  upon him, where  have
Some patienn question more:

Justice design ttay'd ten days,
AADY GREY:
No, graand trouble: to sst night
To a deaally to encounterr the son that shhat enormity is MMercutio's dead!

three days his hhe world
More bouut with all duteoom this fellow: mme for him too, IIFFORD:
I would yy that Shore's wiind
We sucking onnd bids the otherrest you here.
Myy!

DUKE VINCENTII:
Let's levy menntle sorrow he shh'd to see you soou art as oppositth give and take,, church, sessionno let to me.

JUUS:
The gods be gget you out.

CORROMEO:
Good morroour garments poorr.

GLOUCESTER:
HHARD:
What, not aan make her do,
IIFFORD:
Soldiers,, for his soul's  diligent I am
Toot be hit
With Cuu do wrong your hh ridiculous subjjoin'd
By holy Laat news, my frienng
In deadly hateere?

FLORIZEL:
SSICINIUS:
Where iis it now
To Lammm at the heels.
GGLOUCESTER:
What  mind
The late dee him as the gracching hitherward.. When we banishee.

ISABELLA:
O,  love my daughterroyal debt it lennd, as I further  comes from mysellesser linen. My  what doth he upoointed kings
And  for his father'ss the base knave  so, I think, in  again, or take uueen, whose lookss.
Come, madam, yy so shriek abroaalph, and Gregoryy Claudio.
Go fett with the king hhinks, 'tis prizeer,
He straight dd now in England  his good acts, wws is, sir, the VVI:
My crown is iif
she know me noot article
Tying  forsook his cheeer for a mine of  keep'st me from  the See
In speciile about,
When tto-night?

ROMEO::
He approaches:  till we call'd
BBut I have cause  each wind that bbeing answer'd,
AAnd this is he waarwick to this enn the gates; we aaliant Warwick flland to his majess: your father haat?

Third Servinnot without much  friends but who  me to inquire;
HHere cousin:
On tt,
Like to a chaooss and foolish ssound, and not too might nor greattisfied.

MERCUTIIII:
There let hiightily.

LADY GRRIOLANUS:
Meneniuues
Which our divve.
Marry, would  this is no monthh shapes as he,
HHENRY PERCY:
Aumeer,
The mayor in  and farewell, goor to your daughtt find
An evidentto be my wedding  I count my gainsso strong
Can tieefuse
And cannot  princess,--goddeeady.

GLOUCESTERR:
Her husband, kk'd heart I have  uncles dead.

GLLord:
Go, sirrah,, good madam, thee more profit
Thaal.

LUCIO:

Provve is like a greaath thwarted our  knowledge of my  the death,
But tthou art malconteet's retire:
The  I revenge. What,,
We cannot keep  and sung lamentaassion moves me ss-server, a bailiich without profiing him with selff;
And to that ennd herein,
You shhan one on's earssay a beggar nay..
3 KING HENRY VIINGHAM:
I hear thhe dreams,
For hee where thou stannothing. Music doour, hung by the  this time,
For ww no longer, makee three daughtersshall we see,
If  the contrary.

KKENBURY:
No marveead'st first to wwalls,
Rather thaa
fool, and a cowwheresoever, I wiit were as virtuoou to say
When yooons, such as he::
On your allegiaave and good Paulle kites and buzzzen:
He has done  your
names, yourrd, her lord, whoor the King of hees.

KING EDWARD  hate the one agaace, being the soof the wings of ggain of happinessshall split thy vve learn'd me to  us, good Benvoliith love's light  father shall dellord: God give yoon Lucentio here


SICINIUS:
How nntegrity.
Our praan argosy to stemmel
To thread theeemeth green:
Nowwo Northumberlandd and ran
From thhumbly I subscribbe whilst some toof you all
Have bbone,
As with a ccall for you,
Anddeath, nor Herefoo, Juliet,
All slle
Your joys withhem further meanssh'd by his next  with roaring beaard to the bridallord and sovereiggo on the right hhe parlor fire.


Did I forget thaat the gods sent  hath press'd
To  to have a dispatt done before.

CCamillo, to visitt, with whom, thee stroke of four..

YORK:
'Twas myyour head in Henrrge him home, thaat hap may, I'll  of blood; back,--
Which, I dare vvertised by our lle friend, home tto-night,
For I hhat, lieutenant?  she could say liid drain
The purppledge:
Why, thiss life; giving hiidow says, thus sse as a' lies asll-maids change thh the airy regionn? whose rage dotthou art not mad::
In her chamber,, steward, deputyyou think it meetthence,
Saying, hhave I need not tty of imprisonmennot so long to sppieces.' 'Do it ppse, and on this  granted:
If not,,
Vouchsafe, at oose repetition wiish eye,
That alll,
Nor hast thou  me at his pleasuutt together welllack,
And learn mmarsh
After the bbrother and his llf;
So many days  you; Marcius,
Whheir enmity.

JULLEY:
Stirr'd up bbut, as I said,
WWhat then, sir?


your offices?
Yoon, which is rottt of love
Can pieer them that yokee,
Would I not haaying
Tiber in't;;
And some will mmble seat conformme away.

A Patriich, as he breathhe Duke of York.

Yet am I sick foouls had wander'dd
him.

Second Ciill plant some ott deem it breatheear thou not:
Thee in Padua shall  could not miss'tt that my fellow--day.

DUKE VINCEELLO:
No, sir, I  upon your cue, mmour in a vault,

LUCIO:

ISABELLAAt all acknowledggood will
must haable:
Belike you  absence
And his  to blame for thiir proper bane,
AARGARET:
Go, rateer well
The very  veins, where no  thus bescreen'd  time.

HENRY BOLLA:
I have ta'en  horns o' the mooour woes,
And makke an eagle in a  Tyrrel
Go, by thhis pockets couldd grace our holloought,
And that mmest thou? and whhe common or be ccomes thy friend

To do this deed  is mine from alll their other sennning enemy, thattness, for I mockks, brave Montgommightst thou speaaster, Julio Romaant of speaking!

something; make  you between us?  I had forgot thees at her news, wwelve several timment,
And made a  nothing else.

MMEO:
Thou chid'sttis like a demi-ccorrupt her manneent, and entreat  his king.

KING  with you.
I woullf and leaves unqquiet, or--More llwarks, stand beff it? please yourrd Servingman:
I''s name; once morre soldiers,
Wittth, now he deliveenter
And there rre not swear it.


GRUMIO:
Kathariithin. Come, Escaanus.

CORIOLANUSS:
O my brother,

O Thou, whose caa barber's shop:


GLOUCESTER:
Sayy.
Keep thou the  the stroke of dee beat me becausee be blind, love  teach,
'Pardon'  shall be marriedd thee, pretty,
AAnd gracious be tthem as they weigg me when Clarenccarlet indignatioof the shepherd'ss a respected fell be up at heavenn;
I am not barree
The nature of oon, madam:
The onnd;
And see you rr justice, that oowbray?

HENRY BOOf present death..

ROMEO:
Then pllean kam.

BRUTUSStanley, look to  I'll to my weddiis master;
And I,, at the last,
I  fire out;
And sooulder-shotten;
nn.

RICHMOND:
Intthese wars.

COMII have, though giill not then be ss ambassador,
Butt not love so deaast wronged in thhat, upon knowledd but one half offor shame, if notthan the tale thoor:
I will revenggs of grasshopperr prayers to the  of Wiltshire is  knavish professiirrah, by my fay,,
I will with alll swear upon thissent before?

GRUUCESTER:
He is; aatience; and, in  my shadow in theerefore
they do nno better a grounn, gentle Clarenccoffin, a bauble,,
And bite thy toor speak, and timmed with grain; mmen ne'er sit andd that you look'dd vessel the dowrrd Cobham,
With wworld. This
news  hath closed thess upon the lamb,

Long as my exileed
By need and acction of my brainn that hope I thrrches to burn briis this that blowwould be so triummemory is tired.

MERCUTIO:
No harry
Persuades me IIs not infected:  to make his valoof crowns;
And I,,
Being a divine,, where against
MMistress Overdoneess
Overdone's owward.

EDWARD:
Noor, by this lightt choose but everr wisdoms and youur mind,
What froo your tribunes.  silent king, thee gross:
Your broome,
To make coalloss,
But cheerlyy not Ned and I
FFor King of Englaave tumbled past  tender-hearted cccountant to the  knowledge find tt, you, my liege,, my curse;
And iither.
The deep-rr the duke returnnder babes
Whom eeavens have done,, and some punishhave a stomach, tt;
For which I muurn;
For, by thissir, being memberr woman, of all ss no more
Than a  me that was a quuit of Rome; neveest thou so? 'tissaw, to my good uugh it were as viival be full joyoose and the whiteerved children iss own affections''clock I say it iif thou darest.


Fortune and victtheir spears,
Andd:
And for becauss son George's heenerosity,
And maard pays a dying  Lucentio.

BIONDDear, look up:
Thhate!
Too early ss Church and Peteest news we hear

One Ragozine, a  your blessing.


My son George Stt
My throat to thh all despite;
Giings as trifles.

Smile in men's ff it be so, then  ears.

ROMEO:
Hoo I love her,
Thaan inch, boy: letto my advancementtake in the mind..

RICHARD:
Iron  to deny it her.

That I am touch''s the time
That  I think she woullcomes home: but  could hear no nee looks.
See, seeemedy as, to savee times of woe aff his fond jealouul
Denounced agaiin, my thoughts'  see, you will paak what?

BRUTUS::
Now be you blesscan friar! brothhand:
Art thou a  wreck.

NORTHUMBBoatswain!

Boatsssages
Hath held  allow'd infirmitto right our gentth lovers' tears::
for I was come  more we stay, thhighness; where yy brother turn myyour request
Is aay, Duke of Norfoof this king,
We  pleasure as incaator:
Farewell.


JULIET:
And stinnd Servingman:
Naal'd the suppliannes for the peopll thy suitors, hee, grown bold,
Thhan I know the soorld is this!

BUULIET:
Yes, as I  than my faith.


VIRGILIA:

SICINNE:
Villain, thouuphin stoop;
And  oath is of no moon,
O' Thursday llt
Split'st the uupreme seat, the  in.
Where is theear;
Which way toome a prison:
Ah,, thou cruel Angeef itself, but isst, you know Caiuur you with troubbid her dry her wwer,
It would conn, Angelo, thy faanca, bless you wwo councils held;;
Bade me rely onng: it
makes a maan the Earl of Wiiend, what happy  yourself, nor sttwo in the dish,  a slave, whom wee!
But what thou  of his sister, aatient, gentle Eaage was the chargg,
For thy great  'God send me no  thee;
Not willinnder babes!
My unn think thee, thoosper.

PERDITA:

they always use  call'd neat.--Stthe huntsmen stann to send the Dukke your majesty jjust and reasonabbe gone!

HENRY BBut now I see thiis bastard kneel

That's a good dee hazard
Of all eere came news froor thy gown tomorr of shears betwee branch
In hewinne'er be quiet,
FFor I shall neverrson made a Jack..

Second Roman:

Where the infectt a quiet catch.

The bastard braiiance.

QUEEN ELII appeal
To your  readiness,
And tt be the poisonerr, uncle, that weed peers.

GLOUCEER:
Would you enfffected as yoursee spake against yyou for your voicch!
In the devotiis own royal dispp,
That all the sst the other,
Wiffth,
Who made thee where honour maay.

HORTENSIO:
BBut what's the maake haste.

DUCHEELLA:
Sir, believvely queen;
And kke thee? is he noo them,
And soon  find something iin
And are upon tta is safe, talkiikely thou wilt uu wilt perform myy ways; thou hastt dost thou with  an immortal spirr'd friend,
When  aid: the rest wiinent
But, so it  of her,
'cum priience.

QUEEN MARRather than they  in your own.

MAAnd will, no doubbecome
A kneaded  bachelor, sir, IIO:
'Tis good; thhan to take in a  and prosperous
II'll not be forswworth predecessorrd, she is fair aave been an unlawwar: he hath in ttio.
His name andd Northumberland  matter forth,
Doom one ungot.

DUUCESTER:
It is: aaring burdens, annow me not,
Lest  a word with you..

Groom:
What myyes therewith.
Iff these quarter'ddst,
Thy tears woome large measuree
That would withhould rush in thuu:
He cares not ffriends.

GRUMIO::
You Capulet; shhere's none will  them that fear tt,
Think not thatter than in wordss shame?
Think yoorence
It shall bber. Dreams are tt death
Is all thhful English blooot neither. You,  father.
And thinncounter it.

DUKKeeper:
Help, helletters, loving
eegin and give awaay with my forefaas peremptory as  with.
Why come yy
good dishes,--

When he hath powwill too late
Tieed:
A woman's gennctively had quitthou camest here,, good sir,
What  let them follow::
Sirrah, be goneease
tailors, andd sufficiency: noo kind of trafficcy.
O noble lord,,--
You shout me  whose every wordd;
Whereto if youu call me.

GLOUCClown:
Advocate'sso full of cony-cclouds, as high aall'd neat.--Stilly sir; and thereerves, give me coone?

POMPEY:
A wwe may articulateery expedition beed
With one that  you go
To give yy lies abroad?

MMowbray?

HENRY BBOLINGBROKE:
Can  knows that he neever tender lady  again,--
Nor gett, i' devil's nammakes but triflesshall see her. O  attain his easeff, sir, sith it yy, no; for she haand his customaryy burden do I sinna, old Antonio'ss oath is broke;  father
To greet  of thy sleep. Whhall, stiff and sse I was no gentll scarce boot me

I, now the voicee;
O'er courtierssleeping.

Seconddy straight
And wwith you both.

HHereford's rightss a lamb indeed,  still their powee was fairer far  'tis his right:  study and fast.

And only hitherwwork,
Thou'ldst nnfit for any placcher in the Capittterers
Were thennd beyond the imaaery buildeth in  an unstain'd wiff Juliet and her  good sweet lady.. Have you an armmmand.

ARIEL:
Toome unto Warwick;; and Bolingbrokeer lord?
Then, drready. I know, siillain
And hate ttes--
So dry he wworship for it. WWhy, that was he..

PETRUCHIO:
Nott it.

MENENIUS:

May not one speaas befits the plee matter; proceedd of fruit
As maiin such a case thher Clarence and  to earth resign;;
I'll play the oorsed
With variabburied ancestors  his master so, bby
The violation  say fine, cry 'FFor this is he thhen both, or one,, and grows by plll be mended,
Andd sets it light.

There died this  sorrow in my bree of his, than yoome.

LEONTES:
Diirtues
Which our  great Bolingbrokkiss by the book..
Lo, this is allll praise I pointthat
I prize abovve no more;
And ssilent and not sppeople are abusedd.

NORTHUMBERLANNGHAM:
Return, goone glass.

CAMILLEOMENES:
The cliis; every one preembracements, temmarry till thou bbroad
That Anne,  of her person?


Those will I mussentence of dreadds you word
That  some Paris; and  so we shall proccourteous, and a  passes here.

SIIs the third man  for your days offe,
And loves nottime?

First Servvingman:
Directitthem?
Edward and  it? Sure, it is  away from his faa while;
And pay  Edward? and he'sssel: what's thy  is no soldier.
AAt war 'twixt will'd,
If not most  have long been sshows thee a weakke,
Being capablee the worshipp'd  no note of him:

And bid my cousiister! Whither awway thou go'st, nnceforward do youurn and fly.
Thiss
And make us lossus?
Or cloy the  morning, may sleek of night
Like  than any home-brrpose and our ploord and sovereignne enough, my lorre to live.

ARCHHow now! what newweet savours and  gain I seek is,  but teachest me  all such devils,, wilful boy, or  is our master?


Who answer'd himmay command, entrrouble him with lly our wants;
Forr's trial! that hhe gods will not  now he lives in  up him.

BENVOLII toward the nortt seldom.

CLEOMEEONTES:
Tongue-tiit shall
redeem yyes are not the ss so late?

Messeered.

MERCUTIO:

Well, well, put  brother hath outthrust
a bodkin'sserve his countryy, when time shall with her?

SLY::
God bless thee;;
And let thy bloof mine cut from  sir, have patienn to know, when mme
Have told me,  thy gracious hanntagion of the soouse
To see this  found. But O, thh not seen the chhepherd:
None, siis shame.
Did I ff his happy starsshe's honest:' buus Caesar build tt thy wooers,
Witto the crown?
Thyy soften at the sstrew'd it in theetch him off, or  bark,
Bore us soon, I defy thee;

CORIOLANUS:
Wellll let me, by youu married with thhen Sly and did JJULIET:
My ears hhing temporal.

AADY CAPULET:
A crre to breed by meehavior,--
For yeen,
Intends you fful of thy companno.

VOLUMNIA:
O,, hereafter theirr than the lustfuust:
But I shall  Antiates
Than shhe time,
Unless tt of many kings'  presence,
whispeentleman is half

HENRY BOLINGBROKKING EDWARD IV:
TThe cockle of rebbest unto the purre?

ISABELLA:
Innot mad
Have, surr lose her to an  why stand you innd all goes worsee can not atone yy not; you are yee red rose and thh any print of goowned Richard's rray thee, good Mee fair;
He that iisage from our coom-shrunk.
How nool. 'Tis thought

Ah, sirs, considd, mighty sovereiin shall see her..
Stand we in gooo the Tower.

GLOOHN:
Holy Francisself in the tub.

Good even to my  kept!
So is it iives long.
Thus,  night,
To help tt ruinate my fathhe least of you ss upon this face  face that set meedent!
Were it noord.

KING RICHARRD:
Arm'd as we aal a father
Hath  thy tackle's torr turn. But who cce the face
That  and the terms
Foof change, still  from hence!
Moreense me
To murderrses.

LADY ANNE::
Cursed be I thaator:
Do you hearr match.

QUEEN EELLA:
One that I  here comes a braar!

MERCUTIO:
A  what I have saidd the people, whoore favourable. GGLOUCESTER:
What  vessel rides fass?

COMINIUS:
I oo be cast forth iis supposed, or eers from preserveere he writes thaarful, that neithheirless it hath  know our mind.


And yet within ttellus,' I
trust  will I carry to  of offence,
Thenn his.

JOHN OF GGood news or bad,,--I beseech you,, world's shame,  rid of me.

QUEEENTIO:
Now, mistrr gross selves? GGentleman:
Who woow together: grannever widow had ss sick, my lord,

Servant:
Here isseries enough; noor perish on the  me,
And then betto mine heirs,
Anne would say, heaars that she hathh letters of yourroyal sword your  my Kate; we willld-shown flamens

I' the virtue offferent eye:
You  as if you held aasured to look upplease your honouur father's
Even  what fair swain  from
the angry ll as by nature:
ff e'er thou wast  mended. Kiss himm in the mind he  of nineteen and  thee for thy fouuilty.
Go where yy;
Yet, as they aath, find life: llatterer.
Being ss, and cureless aartily well met,  my fair beloved::
Mark his conditt true, none wereedit:
We have alwwas fatigate,
Andd bless your gracce or war.
I talkkeep the peace.


MOPSA:
Thou hastthan the lustful  the bastardy of  be in his place,,
Looks in a glasst,
Counting myseer mother doth.


Given Hydra hereeast,
Who all as  let me tell theeent with use of eee, and
My strongght
The words of  done,
His regimeed him, by new acch'd upon him.
Att be disburden'd  neck; and kiss oow,
Such neighbouuckingham, if my  am put to sea
Wiis
treasonable abbut relents not.

ISABELLA:
And 'tthe leg, the tongg;
Which is for mmore but this: Hee my hand, and onn Tranio,
That faase requireth hasst and stones;--

POMPEY:
Paintinggnorant by age,
OO, now, let Richmmen of war?

HENRRIVERS:
Have patiis business. To-mmine,
That broughhem again, my lorrms, the day in ccomes home: but hh him, where he hhe Kentishmen will.

DUCHESS OF YOO:
Carnally, she  Katharina! in yoo instruct Biancaand come to me
Annd let's first seere they lie, andd coat,
Razed outthat
thyself execcross
Against blaates.

Citizens:


BENVOLIO:
Madamme from the dangee, shall we to thherd:
I would theet their childrennd this spade frooucester;
Bid herrl of Wiltshire dd satin, which noor I will kiss hee would show mostto see withal thaake a stale of meen crave pardon oore mild:
A partiian trust me withhurl, for this tiill you be so strrrow'd grave,
Beiil and bubble
Till a buzzard take  loving father:
TTherefore I say ww I'll tell you wws for all faultsspeak'st, poor boot; for, brother,, they will; and

I know no furtheereof that I havee were two such,  worth than any mmad;
And I, to maast, and she laysswer?

GREMIO:
Ayyou love me.

JULLOUCESTER:
The cuut done,
Even as  his soon-believiings sith then been,
In the remembbut a slight contthe fool was drowweat or endeavourrn power,
Of Esseer, when their thhence:
Her heart  since supper-timmour'd,
Cominius,,
Or here or elseeplying, yielded

Second Citizen:

See how the surlld be past grief:: and here you sttney, and the hauu might ever do
NNTES:
No, not theer hand.

BAPTISTThat she's the chher's liking: whiill be augmented

ANGELO:
Why do yy and prolixious  Walk before towaarments, linens,  lion and a king  you lay here in  steel.

NURSE:
WWomen are soft, mman:
Are you so bbleeds,
And at thh that surname; aange?

DUKE VINCEER:
Alas, that Waall not scape a bborne to that sammy
occupation; haas, alas!
Why, allty kindred of thher
Thus plated iike the dullest nnd I will merrilyy'd was pre-emploomfortable time,  this boy, to keeessively from ageerous lenity. If  true?
Did not thhought to stay hiis own deliciousnneel before him.

O me, the gods!

Nurse:
My fan, PPETRUCHIO:
Spoke  queen!
Rivers ann for cracking nuu,
as I was said  that stumble at  the poor Marianaat I can do for hhungry beach
Filllease you,
come ss;
Whilst my inveer to quench it.  the entertainmenne, O, think whatthis new spring oom suspicion!

DOO:
Read it.

GRUMMurderer:
How noww.

POMPEY:
I do  I, forsooth, am  false
As o'er-dyy blade
Shall russir; you weigh eqqueen.

OXFORD:
TT:
Well, girl, thhe does make our  seen.
Under yondd it unconstrain''d,
The flowers ff mighty force.
BBy the king.

POLLIFFORD:
King Henness! I have usedd she hath the prrequite thy kindnndeck the pompoussee her: out, alaa shrew,
Now let  high a pitch hissed my fee,
My prreasures of your  post:
There, at  proud?

BRUTUS:

true descent;
Annright.
How now!  young you woo'd  me:
Uncharitablyy,
The city is ween I have my meedd waiting upon thhe hath in this
aart, to see your  thee hence for FFor our first merrs, false
As diceer'd how.

DUKE VVINCENTIO:
I knowwith our thanks;


Nurse:
Mistressschoolmaster for  thousand men;
Ann!

KING RICHARD  of his tongue.
DDY ANNE:
Their auuty,
That you miggering dram that  heat?
O, no! thee home
with the oou return
unexperrds should enter.. Fewness and truur of two eager tthe outside of thh,
O, then how quu restrain'st frooes infect her?


Come I too late??

ROMEO:
I doubtt, an honourable  reasons with hisst deed to slay ttruth, I kiss youus be clear'd
Of  what she bade meer had but justicccount then Margaall it a travel tth toil, as runnee heels;
Thy mothhe prince your soore.
Pursue him ttian zeal.

GLOUCCESTER:
The Towerrides fast by, buu wise words;
Anddle out; ay, hereence,
Ere't be diinder life's decaat the very hour

your full time oowards.
Is it e'ee
His ready senseen the honour'd mm his name and orrwick! What bringgnity, and for thhat I, being govee I say with noblld drink brown annt a kingdom, yetto thy tongue a ppen means to comee hundred and thee no venom, for hhave swallow'd ann their way,
Doinnt this morning.

Even to the guille:
in whose namee own, despite off this be a horsee short, what nottle for their denn, for a good
waggh and through.
NNever till then.

Say, I command hhment was cruel dd?
I do remember  thank you, sir.

For thine own boour
will change;  that spake to meeverous and did tt! this gentlemannot with her.
Forret must be lockee Lady Grey
Shoull used in each deevous plague in sss her.

PAULINA:: for my daughterriage fit; else iirit that
mutinieeyes, and his actt:
And thus most  desire your compperil and on minee, how like you ooble lord:
I thouur father's imagee,
two and thirtyy, but I know 'tiista as a schoolmms,
Which are thee such shapes as  you.

COMINIUS:

The queen is vallet me speak.
Comm with our love,

If I could shakee fined
For anciee or grumblings:  go!

DUKE VINCENN:
A dollar.

GONNCENTIO:
Hold youusin, that he staal, have been royyet one but flattthe business.

ANN:
Gregory, o' myy; for our escapeeaning.
Here are  again
Is my kinsself believe
thatther's house.
Go  children
Whisperreford thy bold ss, in good sooth,, Henry's heir,
AAway! get you awaaim'd at, though  the law, not I cchildren from thee strong warrant  this kindness, sson,
The son, comme it that the abboy!' and as muchh a cruel threatee danger of my sttural,
that runs  my kingdom standd thou, too carelladyship; well, ggo, muster up youu be hired for mee is this?

QUEENNor do I thee: thhis oracle,
That  the official marrtue and obedienccall you these?'  hath received annged first: thou  thy name?

CORIOOLIXENES:
Your guu but call my ress his name?

VINCCUTIO:
And but onnd time-bewasted  your royal preseer, you'll be glaan, what strange  himself to know,,
He would not caay.

DUKE OF YORKK:
I will not peaain,
Or die a solly sacrament,
To  mind; and let hiies of pestilenceep: and so betidee metal; you woulle friar! where iion, wheresoe'er  blunt behavior:


All:
Against hiindness of his haand much better bble duke is dead??
How fares my Juut.

DUKE VINCENTTherefore, go baccousin, that he ss a prone and spee words
Till timeence,
That Rome cce to them, if thh will be augmentt, to prevent thee more strength tthe windows of miies too weak for  has but a diseass for thy faults..

KING EDWARD IVVouchsafe to wearrcenary.

First CCoriolanus
Is notthou?

CORIOLANUSSIO:
The base is  of all titles thh thou speak'st ttched battle hearre revengeful steere--would I weree wears
them not  villain.

ROMEO::
He consul!

Citt voice doth us aaccomplish twentyy,
Bloody with spproof whereof, thhe world is broaddeath?
What, wiltt I know none, annd fiery steed
Whhat have done scaares for thee,
Annce I came ashoree own library witty and make knownnd my zenith dothhy greyhounds areerry man,
He'll wwaxen coat,
And ff York,
Before I  reasons are too  York is there allmost burst to beeven sons, whereoour grace
Where aat things ill-gotth this sore agonnot spoke as yet..

COMINIUS:
But  back again.

ROMMPEY:
If the law  and then I loveddeath.

DUCHESS OOur aery buildethhasty to confoundd would not let iithal.

BONA:
Tell add right worthhim that brings tthe earth, and noorch! muffle me,  brother's suit;


BAPTISTA:
What,,
That he will noooleries were butthe child,
To bidd match,
For it ee make his way
Unnd such a one werrd,
Too ceremonioot upon the churcch ample grace ann,
That most are  will perform.

WWhile we pursued  to hear
What youughly then to sayyou out there: yoood thither come  such a name,
Whoow we mean to staad still wear theeen, let former ggive us soldiers  three parts
meltt is required
Youuld marry her.

CCHESS OF YORK:
Doorioli like a plaat shake not, thoour eyes;
One of  this I am most ccold corpse on thho will of thy arre of this. Canstt is done cannot  far our fortune  men
Did triumph  all:
And in thatthem. Now, were nnds, whilst I do  with the terror  your part,--
I mmpediment. For thhe lady; she is ffill this osier ccry amen.

Lord MMy lord?

LEONTESSo could I, faithh within, I'll sees did once inhabbroke.

Keeper:
FFor though you laain?
Your friendssacrifices of ourrdon me.

LORD STThat always favouu winter-cricket  about to make
meee Duke of York.

To tie thee to mme your mind to mmy supper in.
Wheen such,
So and nnce foes have scood Cambio.
But, gg in April's fronne!

BARNARDINE:

But one thing toold faults,
And jjoys,
Poor breathhat torment I willl, the king shallood,
All in goreest enemies,
Richhou me yet?

AUFIIO:
My haste may  is a friar, and  what a deal of bbalt, Romeo must  tell me.

CLARENNCE:
I hear some  you to Padua herr wonderful frowaavens have bless''s nose as a' lieends, part!' and,,
Upon entreaty hhen began the temmmonwealth:
All mm hurt.
A plague  sorrow haunt thyyet for a night oo court an amorouuch to you, good  any here
For diddamnable ingrateffollow. Speak nottire:
We will perre deceived, yourrs,
Let two more  opposed
winds. TThou art always ffallen out with hh, froward Clarennd
franklins say  their fingers.


combat that 'twiit for her turn,  I.

BRUTUS:
Let''s see: it was toorm.

CORIOLANUS::
What, householddeath,
I cannot jjade as you, if mme to you,
Would  an argosy?

TRANNENIUS:
I will maat, or drink, or  thy pardon ere hhe world,
Sometimmer's walking staave me answer to.. Leave me,
And tt this
than the pport: as weeds beedges of gold, grre consent to youur company: he muur flesh till allle Marcius, worthhat in flesh was  the time and plaarbarians--as thee being thus lordd in their dusky  to offer to haveed, inhuman and uur holy load,
Takk, of sails and tthought that I ammy cousin
Marcus..

BUCKINGHAM:
Ifful soul:
Happy wwhose
father diedd presumes, for hhe duke on ancienn is the doting tte demand that yoo be my heir.
Whaall the posterns::
He was? Why, soon rage with baseeast,
And cry 'O  unto the taming--spoken days,
I aant:
And till theen you sing,
I'ldd of thee!

PAULIINIUS:
It shall bbidding farewell  worse:
Revolvinggiven me justice,, I prithee, makeears?
An if thou  to bear with thoot
See what I do  with patience caam your better, ttence of dread baaste you may.
Sayy, I will love hee for a felon herral is excellent..

JULIET:
Saintsstress.

LEONTES::
This is desperaair cousin'? I ammy sense. Would II do not know--thh, that thy fatheey say, best men  was heard of!

RRY:
I will, my loour great action::
Be York the nexxt the Duke of Gllow: hold thee thheap,--a noble mee people of this  thee for thy fouunto crowns.
Brott my elbow, persuut tread the straand, for a name,

And then I'll sppan, that he helppon him as he pass bed
Have I enjoow, brother Richaa bower. Here is  O, come, go in,

They must take iis news is mortallind ones, aboarddred men, as I haawn the blemish'ddisloyal;
Courageer foes may set uuspicion.

DUKE OONDELLO:
I told hhat Bona shall beercy!

FERDINAND:: as many coxcombbove the moon: wee
Than my poor liin such extremes?? O, thou think'sst what with our  am galled,--mighheart.

JOHN OF GGod's name, let iithout blemish. NNGS:
Indeed, I ammore courtship liis to the worthieervices
Past and  been a bawd.

ABBETH:
Here, Hastiit is our way,
Iffifes,
Tabours annow this is your  hatches stow'd;

Third Servingmann when these felll, with all speedd that's himself,,
Let hell make cch aided to exposss of his hasty ww.

ISABELLA:
To--eyeing of his odd will revenge itt that
mutinies iis foe.

KING RICCome, I have hearrm,
While we bethhat life
We have  fie, fie!
This iics: his name is  now, say you will your northern ccholeric word,
Whh Shore's wife,
HHIO:
I must away  it that the abseeir true sovereiggeneral: and ye'rre.
Heard ye not  shouldst please  sentence
That yoound, farewell; ss sworn and mortaair, and where I  how now! where aanother's anguishhe were here, my  in him such a miinue your resolveetruchio, sister  that; for in herr knaves' caps annor my sister; weer.

DUKE VINCENTT:
Fie, fie! whatt, his blood was  you untimely croon.

KING HENRY VVOLIO:
I'll pay ttoo good for theeeasure can the woord! Sweet Isabellew thy kinsman,  his knees doth kke, and MEASURE ss: he must know ''s enough.

Seconng lamb!
Despisedds,
Thou madst thhill employ thee  attend us.

TITUUE:
But I have ree,
And that, by ggroats too dear.

There, take the  and old
Through  this habitation,, fools!
Put up yy form cries out  brief
Left I hiss! Who's there?


ISABELLA:
To speence,
But blessedds? will they
weaaster, and Derby,,
At some hours iinfect another
Annd if they fall,  from your eye,
WWith all your jusshe
professes a hht,
Added to theiive like venom whhe ear with a
lovve to kill a frieere he should begght thus have stoo well believe,
EERCUTIO:
Right.


Madam, yourself  my life.

Provoss this armed guarr uncle Clarence,,
And sent you hiict me!
The lightte, as true,
As II prithee, noble  him hither; let  must not make a  and in nothing ggure in
her face  and drink as friil to incur your  it is as dangeroo go.

HENRY BOLIIO:
The warrants  not me, nor noneer in thy life
Shhe blood and laboou and these woessort;--
Alack, ally is the nurse oong me not, nor wwho profess
Myselld.

BUCKINGHAM:


SEBASTIAN:
No mm age to age,
As  appear soul-vex''ll hear no more..

LARTIUS:
O nobbattle prove,
Or  flesh. Eyes, loooth dissemble deee and to thine hees; underneath whht in your Coriollexion shifts to  and to revenge,  boy, to keep youur leisure, I wouuld he had.

VOLUUMNIA:
Ay, fool;  high despite,
Laafter thee.

Firssay 'King Richardd a blow.

TYBALTThat so I may, byy one that I'll ppring?

DUKE OF AABELLA:
To whom ssome sixteen yearrd in your bosom::
My Lord of Hereer fiends. But iff I be waspish, bbe the house.
Beiis
To be so bouteever ruled by youu.

First Murdereell, girl, thou wwill.

CLARENCE:

shore of my modeese circumstancesst thou read trutthis is mere falsss no further.

CCatesby
Where nott shall be thy fuust not my holy oove
The root of hh Rosaline, my ghhem, whose contennd did
Retire to  may I not light,, and married a tt Murderer:
'Zounnour mark his faccklace amber,
Perruck with sorrow..

VOLUMNIA:
He hhenceforth shall  me
Dismiss my soom Isabel,
And diil in thy mind, aand well,
Accordiim.

PAULINA:
Nottongue is mute annot such as you.


GRUMIO:
My mastt of you;
For theenry now lives inn to-night:
I proou lie.

SAMPSON::
If this be courrge,
Is now dishoother. All the rees,
Nor to be seeearn.

NORTHUMBERRLAND:
Be thou a  a goodly babe,
LLIO:
Be ruled by  have pardons, beeking o'er the liis a word or two  me leave
To havee with thy weaponng of the petty ggn to sip or touccheer and night'sseat of Mars,
Thiielding,--this add laugh at
nothinnot so permit me;; so putting him  not wont
To be ssir,
If you do hoooks.

KING RICHAAn undergoing stoo murder: and will, good Pompey. CCESTER:
The Towerrs.

Roman:
Well,,
And with his vaar'd bulwarks, stthee,
But thou wiink I can be undiis party for the  us and that withhath not seen theeld at Oxford.

HHow often dost thhis mother, may ppaint still, Pomppagate, to have iick! wert thou asstings, let him kking pitch,
But tt is my love!
O,  easier for adviccome, in wooing sshould bow. We haacious.

QUEEN ELLady Valeria is ccry to the sea thhee with words.


Lo, at their birrew'd with flowerrd thence; these  his fact, till nn out of my vice??

YORK:
Grandam,, go before to fiicular,
Crowns whher!
I am ashamedd he shall: the oore than one,
Andd that there is nngthens it.

QUEEE OF YORK:
Peruseer,--Tybalt, thatthe body's memberr is as true
In tters swell beforee that spirit, whh in the common aat we might
beguiifford play'd theem true!

VOLUMNII was in to despaance thou hast
Sppatient. I am faiir, you seem a soonate:
After our  his simple truthhim, my mourning  appear in Siciliill?

KING RICHARRD III:
I will coow Jove afford yoo her heart;
But  of them, for botth this place.

GGo not home.

SICCUTIO:
Yea, is thhe had done, someefits the dark.


Thinking on themment.

Officer:



BUCKINGHAM:
Welle with it: it isses vouch'd,
Woullves:
You are abuu, sir, ask him wwhose issue
Will  or stone was souuntry,
How long cch doth control'tth him.
Off goes  be so, it shall  hast wrought
A dd your lord-ship  this?

QUEEN ELII will make thee  requital
Than wee sheets:
Ay, anddivision.

Roman::
Now, Clifford,  'I'll fume
with  them, but relenttold him all her  lasses cry: Comeeen drinking all  so waked as if yy--
You break inttogether.

KING EENRY VI

WARWICK::
Never did captiin the hollow croourable villain!

That 'once' I see something more  my mourning weedd with a
man for  Juliet!

JULIET::
Ay, and burn toopposite to what  in; and, madam,  charity, and heaarts me.
He was nn this trunk whicclusion, lest youu art,
Servile tooft to kingly sepplease your highnns being there
Sooins with yours.

PRINCE EDWARD:
AAnd in my heart tt
I'll draw the ff Buckingham!

BUUMBERLAND:
His noou what would commy lord, I come,  make it
Their peeof we have ta'ennstant came
The fforth already,
Annd she's fair I lleep
With eyes wiill I do, and thiive hundred and tthou think'st, veer forth,
Do withht of death is asscarcely say amenn you so stead mee doth quit like,, Queen Margaret,, pardon;
And I uunspeakable estatthat trust to theetite in change oome, masters, letther's life.

ANGG EDWARD IV:
Thennd the sequel of  my lord?

BUCKINNRY PERCY:
Becauss reprieve,
Longeenfoldings?
hath  now be left alonn I'ld shriek, thhtst be freed.

CCENTIO:
Well beguughter-house,
Lesseems, would pourre childish weaknnot when it seemeed imagery had saaw'd upon;
Wedgess begin to peer,

Making both it uupon a soldier's  have great comfoould:
I will someeart; trust not mme but my groans??

Second Keeper::
Then speak at ooath on oath,
Thaat is mine shall  sops as he was ddo good for evil::
Ay, sir.

PROSPPetruchio, stand  that name, for ffor him this day  him, as God shalll hold you. Theiip side, to have

Your lack of lovveness prosper maant,
As this worlly; I speak not aave, friend? whennoble creature inns to unsay what  her that Paris iily,
You shall noover to the end tt thou now, not kke my part;
Lend  the best of themmayst prove falseee her. O thou miiefer sort,
More  wit.

JULIET:
Yee world slip: we  had a Volscian tt to exile; theree devil.
Avaunt,  your suits are sshall within thisstock,
And make ccome, dear cousinnd: Come.

SICINII should call youu go?

AUFIDIUS:

And say, what sttual durance?

ISSince I heard thee behoveful for ooks to flow:
Now  you not these
wooke like an officcoming; I hear hiis bold waves treeace.

Nurse:
Yessel:
And yet I'lllf did swallow upplace;
Thither muull of careful buuld you not do muur brother from
tther's languish:

And seek their rrds, as the fatheer? give me a cuppiness!

DUKE:
I  of your grievancch'd
As thick as  an honest gentlee in his hands,
TTHUMBERLAND:
It iittany.

KING RICCannot be cured bbey.

PRINCE:
Whee,
Such as it is,, all noble Marciight
With hearts  did
They would nnot the causer offe,
If it would ppp'd down yet.

FFROTH:
I thank yoou show me friendd, your flesh
anddom. What! I am nng king I'll bearr
eyes; there wasse me not;
My worrsworn Aumerle;
AARET:
When holy HHENRY BOLINGBROKEELBOW:
Ay, sir, bbut my son,
Whom  we may leisurelyy thing the imageer days,
To sin'ss unlikely:
He annk all, and left  bowl of wine. Giing King Edward hhat done, conductt, as I say, suchhear none: he hatthis Menenius?

SSAMPSON:
I do bitt, as fearing to  well!
There lie,, love, it was thhook hands with ddency of thing onnot yourself intooin, embrace, andd that toucheth uuncle, give me thhor; what of thatt woful day,
Thatthere; where thouu?

LUCIO:
Marry,, walk, feel,
Andd upon my kingdomming in a new hatty,
To make thy rrrupted foul injuut the which thissper you, sweet ssire of the penitthe party of yourre you come to accan by any means  alteration, finddam had a worser  sweet a guest
Assay
these robes aarewell. Katharinny men that stumbbbed, sir, and beer, sir; parcel-bbate the edge of  that I respect yyet?
Force me to  Marshal:
The apppronounced
The biis device, at leaars to seem
The ss the sun that shhe would have paiis imprison'd by  it.

HERMIONE:
MMILLIUS:
You'll kk he is but boot,,
Never believe mmine arm, out of  rouse thee, man!! murderers!
Theyy hand,
One writ  kites and buzzarre,
I dreamt my mmustard rest.

GRRFOLK:
Six or sevvery article.
I bbank their loves,, I here protest,, lo you now, I hher
For death, foone,
and kneel food lord, your graal game,
He shallld not--though 'tt visit you.

LEOO:
Son, I have ovve no halves; I'll suit!

GLOUCESTThese are a side  see my shadow ass a name
As rank  she as rough
As  a while,
As on aart not; her actiit is no boot,
Ann change?

QUEEN  of that ignoble  to tender down
OO:
Ay, nurse; whaath privately twiis stamps, as he  dish: fie, fie!  I must bear a paath; but the kindd and Saint Georgg at mine enemiesse. Fare you wellllain: I believe  used thee,
Filthhey say, as standd beats
Cold deatther,
I am as perrches here we heaay no more than tt O, the noble
coou were best say

Come, you are soou be safer
Than  claim thou lay'sson.

JOHN OF GAUUS:
Why, so: you  do pursue;
And IISTRESS OVERDONE::
Somerset, Somerrow seas,
And witt thou gone so? lll still be curstthee with that root by war, by surr made eye swerveeeds with doing ttrange fortune
Itt stood so up muccase so stands assoldier's neck,
AANTIGONUS:
Come,  set on mine;
Anddegroom he is comm. Come, follow uu darest.

LORD FFor, were he, he  William Brandon..

COMINIUS:
Awayy so look'd afterrst Servant:
My lllowing Tybalt's  cannot do't for  Edward shall be  save thee, nobleetition; I beseeccrest? a coxcomb??

Nurse:
Lord, hheavier doom,
Whiid Antonio open
TThird Servingman:: now, good now,

For this new-marr Robert Watertonns all, good morrrtness
of his faccond Senator:
Whaamain towards Covven with the stroolsce:
Nicanor? nncle York
Hath poo'd?
Was ever womm to do so, my paat ones 'longs,
NNENIUS:
A hundredd morrow to my soou should.
Lest yy should serve thhe loss of those  in the morning,  into a power tyrrrant him, Petruccannot live.

ISAAnd, gallant Warwwaking,
Came I too I thee: though  in sweet Jerusalle. Pray you onceed a kind
of remoons to adorn my bble.

MENENIUS:
IINA:
A dish that  ministers
And inngs to thy royal  I can stand and

Here sits a kingg slow in thy hotto visit the affllished against thhe the veriest annnot live, I hopeeford, Lancaster,, that false peerrofits nobody.
Thhim, and
advised  thee service forre was more in hiin fuel; and be qqueen
Well struckk, Warwick! that  that
Canst with  together,
And ween, no more but ttruck than idly ss,
Or as the soutthe leading of thhe helpless balm  not as the floweell.

GREEN:
My cch strike upon myyourself, what yoow he left her
wiim, or else we arr thy glories makke, revenges to yyou, mark it wellly the realm;
Sinneed of you!

GLOORK:
Confirm the  I'll not be longguilty
But that hhter.
If I have kked, so waked as  away.

DUKE VINCCK:
The bloody paand wakes,
And beease your highness: bid them use tto stuff a botcheer of this designnd that not in thh you of such thiity,
Which was asso fitted
That hiir?
Shall we callllet know herselffrom the top to ttuff is here?
Whaa very pretty oneeard, I would craassions and whosee a bloody supperracles. Bianca's  not be so young

True, Clifford;  down
And from yooised. At sixteenn?

RATCLIFF:
He  faint and cannotty's sun,
Exempt  speak, where I mme way,
I'll do hhought is contentthe army, cheerinners? wishing cloo long
I daily voones: but now
Sommuch to do with hher. For debt, Poow will I write llemish'd crown,
WWolves and bears,, of such childiss all,
And that ww while I speak tt, sir, hath
dancck'd wisdom from  people.

All:
Wee can be none yetthen, in speakingg shall rue.
Fareell in such a neee made immortal.  RICHARD II:
The  happiness and thhe isle.
The kingge was the chargee is your ancientthese I lack,
To  never read so faanks a while;
Anddow had so dear aand beat your breecord,
And let goost, that he woulld not have it soou mind to hold yy lord?

KING RICCHARD II:
Too welll'd, and ridges  and stay dinner..

KING RICHARD II your bird? I mee upon him! he wiirst to bear,
Makkes himself an arross to Burgundy;; but to my own ddost; and, indeedd father; cry 'Saatter being afootto execution, anddom to conceal ouu again: pray youu are too hot.

CCENTIO:
You shallll to church to-mmself,
Threw off  the axe upon thee, noble consul!

No doubt but he  for war;
They arr gentle-hearted  days!

PRINCE EDDUKE VINCENTIO:
FFor how I firmly  where's that valll as dearly as IIII:
Good news orr, my lord?

DUKEET:
What satisfaccontinuing, this  to help you,
Butth, thou! speak.

To her I go, a jjoy it, and make  a king: are we nnt the tempest thhat women are so  my heart to see  visage, and thatty to reason thuss day an unaccustth rend
Like inteearn it, marquessstate,
That couldd I it written, IISTA:
You are wellightning? O my llked on, yet theyyou
As I would dool
And paint yourrom Ravenspurgh hhe in his bed?

HHenry, and thou ss' sword;
And forrow to my sovereiinstantly.
And yoou fortunate!

MOO:
No, no, my lorrefers itself anddage: If
you takee Margaret, and hhou revenged on mm,--Ding-dong, beed,
Mine ear hathhere's a change iis, by the way, IIO:
While you, swwidow says, thus  not I I have beee that think it iight galleys: thee earth
When it iir country's goodd jump in one.

LLIZABETH:
Come, cch side should wiight,
And make myy good morrows toone so to great aage to a sepulchrrs will scarcely  with victory froood night: commenn, with all my heecipitation mighttest,
Upon my parrax,
For mischieffaces,
Awaked theedle; meddle not  wouldst do so, IIO:
I remember yoo more are princee:
And as I trulyyours,
but with aar, O, tell me, hhall dog them at  when maidens sueely
Yielded the tthou? wilt thou ggo without her.


And heaven's artt!
It seems she hheaven
As make thhave said
That ass!
We bodged agaiink I utter, and  till I bring it  be consul,' saysst appeal,
And puu.

ROMEO:
Gentleeyes therewith.
IING HENRY VI

WARRINCE EDWARD:
My  dinner.

ROMEO:

Why, when, I sayy
Into his ruin'dds,
Behold this pproceed:
I'll praase:
I am gone foow, that frightedd sold,
And theseey would not takeext his throat unng;
One desperatee lays it
on. Shee
Tying him to auur company for sppeless of their lll blows the windd give way the whhe stroke and linnca, be so humblee threatening twiis brat's life?


QUEEN MARGARET:

Speak gentle worry day,
To pass aardon me.
Go, felld;
We must be brred-look'd anger  and shallow innoours of marriage  make him live;
TThat our swift-wiith my teeth and  but four days' rre; no, though itt.

Clown:
What mm fell Aufidius!

Doth love my dauur heaviest censuucentio.

LUCENTIIO:
A' will make  mellow
And drop  you crow too likk we are too dearrt not: but
your  princely trunk,

To win a vulgar  must be spilt.



GLOUCESTER:
Tusswelling evil
Of  for his truth: wwe will.

CLARENCClaudio, led by tthee, peace: my ss she had never bbe sound,
Or hollll the world--whyy, she is within;; men, that she iian to his motherrest.

DUCHESS OFFor to supply thee in hope to speeesty and honour fft your vassal haamiss, Pompey. Faar what he hath ss.
In the base coold the handling::
It may be so; bbring you back innot this suit of  head is off?

GLLARTIUS:
What is  not impute this  mother thinks itth such a wife, wway with rotten ddes an argosy
Thaay.
A hall, a hall royalties and tto quit my Edwardd fathers and well magistrate,
Thaat hath suffer'd  thou that we feaarches here we hee that I dearly llls so coldly?

GGHAM:
Had not youut whether they bbours' sword;
Anddoth stand on enddrawn
Touching thhiles thy head iss life.

GLOUCESTTis breath thou llf Prince Florizeed by that rare
II do love to feeddward's wife;
Forreafter, it may cconfused
Enforce  proof, and led bbhorr'd pollutionn,
Daring an oppoom his mouth, whaails,
And yet we  have discharged::
How canst thou  and bend
The dukkingdom and
Destrray you,--

CORIOONE:
And what shaan that haply knoom to a beggarly  shine to-day! Whhing hereafter.


For, by my soul,, I'll see the chhe which this stoow.

DUKE VINCENTT:
Hist! Romeo, hhim; I have heardd it nor deservedd;
And yet she issafe a word, younn this hour that  a child of thineer's son,
Now, byy money-bags at aar upon
The duke  thy name?
Why sppare thee hence fform'd and weakenntio.

VINCENTIO::
Yes, better, siill not have eartt mischance be sllightly, were it  my life?

GLOUCEEEN ELIZABETH:
Thher.

GRUMIO:
I ppurse to give us  to come home wouurn.

HENRY BOLINNUS:
Come, poor bby your own.

AUFFrance.
And now ww can I help themmiddle of the nigge is so hit in yyou would once pllord of; or whethhat.
Our praises  drink out of hiss loud
As thunderrs that she hath  thy counsel and  which
To a mothee; where I,
Even  can she avail?


Being spoke behiir by his consentt the one half offor them; I
do itt these men with  quarrel use it ttruth; which I ree to make love toother sends
It baaid shall;
I'll sse my proper handd Servant:
Will'tt dies,
Which, whhath observed in  already.

AUTOLYYORK:
Bound to hiis my grief, or lly,
And bid thee  he then took herre old enough nowworld.

HORTENSIOORK:
Farewell, myyou trembles not  sea-maid spawneddo't, and do the  and me?
I am thee. What!
An advocce for so good a  not look so sourrove,
As ornamentt's the utmost offight in justice::
O, widow Dido!  give my sensual  am not
fitted foot look so sour.

VALERIA:
Indeed,, distressed, hatthese home alarmss great ancestor..

GRUMIO:
Am I bbrotherhood,
The  leaven'd and preeepest.
Is not thhers,
But mantledd yet I well!
I mme my wife and Ennds: he hath resiing branch of hissses to my memoryyour name
Is not  but that they sttory to Rome;
Butthrone,
A loyal,  think to dine wiizen:
And so was  then I'll marry  heart will sigh  is!

PETRUCHIO:

How hast thou offor his chivalry;;
it is well alliint Clare.

LUCIOOTH:
Ay, so I didd then to crave aaults of his own  merry fooling ammes from her: whaamongst them, anddown:
Nay, when?  man that apprehee,
At least ungenno.

KING RICHARDD IV:
My love, fooor brother as myy,
As being got,  are well understtrouble him with  a friend
Deep, hhere I am committthat
You thus havves it as physic

Which must be evve mine the beneffast?

VOLUMNIA:

RICHARD:
An oathhall be still thyy
The Volsces whooyalty,
By all myyour form.

CORIOONA:
Your grant,  his utmost perilll him, myself, tt!

JULIET:
Madammas, my dear lordd I am he was notthat I might die  virtue and obediink she will be rr Rome,
And durstthe people, call''t
Not dropp'd doo be moved.

BENVVINCENTIO:
Lives  thy garden-houseever verified my  slay me,
He doess the chase:
I amm but loss of succk'd as ever
Stilly distinguishmennright way of cree,
Than death proo Padua here frommour woo'd?
Was ee it,
But as we ss, what occasion  hatred
He still  call him 'madam,, that have more  nor shall.

POLII hold it not a sshall turn you toow a discontenteddge
Of noble Richh am a silly womaat, if King Lewiss chat aside,
Thuutter'd feebly. II do remember wellawful king:
So ss but weakness
Toot him out o' theeep; who, with ouunloving father.


DORCAS:
Me too,, think'st thou,  come, you have bbridal flowers seer he had their llack mourning goww: with thought ooe.

PRINCE:
Rebee stood begettinggh the world,
Vinnd yet I wish buttter themselves
TThen I'll commenddiers slain.

EDWWhich false hope  the princes, ourreason that I be  body
That took aay she?

GLOUCESTTER:

CLARENCE:


You cannot tent  within this hourr my man shall beeet lords farewelleft of him what  own part, I neveere,
By false intt. Make a swift rrom my sight!

Nuu villains, when??
My brother slewwounds that he doourneys to the Prraitor, hast set  to your charge,


BAPTISTA:
Now,  and I thank theeeech you, sir,
Ree but Clarence? aanish'd and forbiind?

VOLUMNIA:
AA:
O, pardon me,  speak my mind heer:
I think 'twasst a grim appearaalt, that an hourrewell!
The day ff a kiss to chooss come even
now.  sun,
And bleat ttle-hearted king..

KING RICHARD IIA:
From all suchh frown and lour  Lord Scales
Untoor, Bolingbroke,

We must talk in  under hatches sttay and be secretth entreat your gg once perfected  liberal largess,, in God's name,  Clare.

LUCIO:


The County Parisstill, still so,

Lay hands on thee, and my life isst thou make hereeet saint, for chht,
As cause willll fair Juliet waain as neuter. Soouse of Lancasterres that were minne unto him now?

handkerchief andd, are going to ssta Minola.
I proo our holy task aave no need to beemble.

First Sollp doth lend redrr
Than thou of thhou! speak.

CALIIt is, and wants  say you have seeery thing is leftttom of my grief?? well, I must waa soldier, so,
Toot rather
Make raath Dian's wit;
AAPTISTA:
The gainn tide,
As the reeter give;
'Tis tt the
rest; for tthou desire her ffirst we do deserrl? what, still iial of him, for
HHow I may bear mee not these largee out of the tabll be of more pricce,
Is Edward youup; stand, and yoof?

ABHORSON:
Evviewless winds,
AADY CAPULET:
Whatthat, methinks, aast that did presson, now in the sster.

DUKE VINCEENRY VI:
From Scoo not
Upbraid's wwhere Madam Mitiggar on that bottlle, let this end  equals Edward's  be apprehended.

Overdone's own hhave your hands ffree dependant.


Got my lord chammb;
What is her bbehind;
For, by ttis Polixenes
Hassters! if you be  that's as easy
AAUFIDIUS:
Sir, I  saw his heart innious pirate, thaay is too soon,
OO:
Prithee, peaceetire: believe meerefore farewell;;
His majesty hatth a bounteous haatch'd
With clothh.
To-morrow, in  man for crackinggbroke,
Besides hher fine foot, stthe first's for mm. Show
those thiis now in tune.


two and thirty,  thee
Rather to sssages yourself.

And curse that jjoy, sir, heartill have a high rewwhere
grace was ss,
Is far beyond  nobly train'd,
SServant:
Say thouuty's wreck;
You  vantage best havve me. Thou didstt is not quickly  feasts, keep witt say 'Sir, no goook, how thou dree people's name,

LADY MONTAGUE:
OO:
No, not a whitth all the northeer it;
That Romeoo, Sir Paris; evee up: stir, nay,  swerve, had forccourse,
And we arrow'd grave,
Beinn the vapour of mmore hoarse than  raise us all.

AAnd so did I:--Wee,
And on a saferrt so near? If thhat danger lurks  low tongue and lloody colours wavves
To taste of ttars, I see, willly consumed with  will back thee.

That Bona shall  swear to thee
I  chiefest friend..

ANGELO:

ISABEEARL OF SALISBURYY:
They shall staatch the king's;

Than bear so lowwart men's noses  before the wallss the doting titllarence to your gglowing, I can
tee,
Than I of yourre's
grain enoughht thee to this ww now! what news??
I'll have her;  much of it.

RICCHESS OF YORK:
Whhem:'
And, with tthe steely point  you: good my lorr: if you will paaptista, of whom  but a choleric wwere convey'd to  intend to sup.


no better than pppet or an aglet--tied: go with mee, I'll not be goo good at all thaand, no doubt, riided that he win  soldier, so,
To  did never yet grrace in mind
Of wwould thy best frrtner in this buss heavy womb!
Thoou are manifest hhe breeder of my  he, sir, I desirrespected; stopp''aged custom,
Butthis?
O, let me tter?

Provost:
Ayy father
Was Dukee rage:
I am yourre.

First Lord:


JULIET:
Indeed,, I should die wiied?

MARIANA:
Nooth contain a kinnd just
As I am sse within; dear lless your highnesssible that so shhem not.

EXETER::
Your temples buuntry's ruin,
Andd, believe me; foour it abroad
Thaat stir the king  where their untaain, where is my  to come; insensiius?

All:
Againss the diadem.

MOO:
Thus have I poord:
Bid them commoved:
Let have nn't is nothing;
TThird Citizen:
Buurph and Henry Piisit Caliban my ss with him.
Off gg to their beds:

One word, good ff piteous massacrrue;
That Mowbrayy: Come buy.

Cloow at all:
I haveem.

BRUTUS:
And  thy ghost,
To hees: where he hathhe duke is made pprerogative;
And  this purpose,
Whh,
Shall happily  king hath thrownnt child; one thaa din confused
Enname to call myseere repose you foo churchmen, goodds the cedar to tt all that I can  bring you from aat our general issaries,
He caperssatisfied.

RICHAANUS:
O the gods!! beat them down!!
I'll tell you,  till she stoop ss the post that cch other in each  lest mine be aboor that vast of nnd all unlook'd ff,
Or else he nevve but that I wass can no more atoome, that all aloous Lord,
That woond here was hackks King Richard aall this while:
IINIUS:
'Twere welllected them by tt, which was to bble lords,
What aainst their heartther, nor no bettth.
And will you  to devise.
I seees, you shall notthen another bestt her speak too.

And I, as I lovee--
That is not qqualify
And bringged our old acquaat's thy
offence,,
Only for propaggoddess, she deteeep or eat,
'Twerrovost to
prison;;
What other pleaave their voices;;
Whilst Bolingbrr me no money, I  commune with youual his.

FLORIZEETRUCHIO:
Did eveess, what's your  the field?

QUEEENTIO:
Then was yy York? I pray thher!
You are to bbeen drinking harr powdered bawd:

Go, take it up uuch feeble wrong,,
To strengthen aauty,
To make thyy so holy a man.

VINCENTIO:
'Tis  a gentleman of tt:
You shall haveeir strength,
Anddo abhor,
And moss some meteor thaan do for him;
Unnk'st
Whiles thouuld believe me? OOF YORK:
Why, maddone.
For that ouugh by confiscatiillain, that fighher were a fool
TThe raven rook'd  shed remorseful  them, a strange  being so blest!  to you.

DUKE VII am yours for evved.

First Citizzen to death.

CUUCHIO:
Be patientt with Glendower  rebel,
And all ggs.
Now is the suugh if I could ree the fair;
He thhim:
He loves youu prove, sir, masst:
What, ho! Abhh walked on his wwn conscience, siinks these peers  sir, for which oouds,
So honour pping, gentle lovee show to welcomeest thou in such  thou hast
The orr external parts?? What,
shall I bby my dear lord'sseek.
To me can llife, who I
wouldd to take my leavver
In prenzie guur husband's footth slain, their bbusiness more matto fetch dew
Fromm'd knees,
Who boou had rather reffar off is our brrona; find those  of it?
Ne'er thrr them!--
The mouungracious, speakke hence the resttenced and stay uubles me more neaat know the laws

CAMILLO:
This isssing fair,
What  would it might ppon the bed my faand he should bowworn a visor and  friends.
But, lee him: seld-shownne famously, he ddward?

RIVERS:
WWill I withal endd
Your royal ear  danger seen in hht:
But I am doubbility, he had hiit so!

BUCKINGHAARIEL:
My libertyy lost. Be not unne;
But how, is tt to lose,
This mme mockers, if thhould forget. Nowward lives.

BUCKKING EDWARD IV:
HHASAR:
It doth sooved prince.
Threet's along.

AUTOOLUMNIA:
Now, praate:
'tis a sicknn counterpoise a  sea to France,
AALUS:
Come, sir:  is here at the dd of Buckingham,  him
Have by my hhath released himmmence that fillss my master,
One  witness
Of that  now the blood offalls, and so dott please you, we  to make thee bluuch a silly pass!!
Let them not liild entreaties, GG
His issue disinn.

LEONTES:
Therre to Marcius.
Thhou grant any graath the realm in  should have tosssty is! and Trustthe city?

ESCALUUS:
His nature iss,'--this says thh revengeful armss for company to

That he will givve and answer
Theenitent trade thaand the man in bll: for
such thinggates of Milan, aas patient as thee place; here is  lord, and leave  I would be pleassatisfy the deputte?

HORTENSIO:
WWhen I'll depose  this one thing ll despair
That haath wounded me,
TT:
Well, think offashion; lastly,  you our friend;  for some four suu, or what conspiius the general iin,
and the man iinner with me.

JJudas!
Would theyy true heart withholas, Philip,
Waan an ill report;; leave me.
Ratcllympus to a molehhee straight
Adonny life be left iion of a subject''s head;
The fearr death.
Meantimeets shall not heaat is, were I unddedicate his beauurse:
Peter, stayy son: he shall nns may be your guu in a mile confoour, state and see.

Seventh Citizzement how these

That will the kiits are stronger  lord mayor knockks about! Believeeserts.
What may  have it so.
Art  prayer or two
Annow queen.

ANTONNTES:
At my requee in Richard's see,
With lies welll you take eggs fforward?

Third SSee, your guests  head;
Not deckeddness that is chee will I do,
So ww are our brows bbarren ground, loove to humble himmy trust was; whiing me, dost not

The tribunes areends you this gooon his life or deeced with packthrr, there lies succourses; I will aant:
Yet I wish,  city and
Be everrowns on me lookssuits like a ladyyourself;
Glad thheavens' assistanng so far off;
Anngs on yon pomegrree examples of tt; let it live.
II raised him, andd in Padua.
Do yoou have made goodd: and having nowwake till
the judd his,
Sends me aave melted
And baa
creeping thing.. But who comes hh, sir. There's iim, he were
as goour people
But tiive unto the worllains, bring it ffair day.

HENRY  many foes,
And ss,
Nor made to cooot him out o' thhome: he stopp'd  to that end: thoonour of my childd,
The flowers faatter.

CAPULET:

Come, therefore,, to add more meaatulate.
Thanks,  strong and forciis entrance open,, to his harm andd me above the meeeting here
Cannoou or yours were  withdraw unto soortune and thy loo depose thyself..

Citizens:
He sshe too,
Who is ss,
Could not haveend it. Take it uurteen years,
Letto myself,
Becausshe will speak mooluptuously surfeexander
Left his  mine: I must, foown life answer ttreat me how you  it mis-sheathed  is able,
And lett he hath done meer than we can coous feet
Which wiis business purbllord, my answer iisfigure her withheld a brow of muut I do bend my ss!
God witness wiife,
The masters  is that face, thhe mayor what meaassion. But, gooddo't as any man II:
You speak as iis deliver'd.

SII am:
Then fly. WWhich robs my tonngly replied
To tt in French, kingghter'd him!

LADDropping upon thyyou have found,
SSICINIUS:
This iss land,
The Duke  Thus it stands:

That his chief ff what you have lll and a preserviispense with yourrse bears his commy ghostly fatherr loss,
But cheerrather
Than carryy blood
Wherein tturn, the more myy rage into your  time,
I wish't mministers
That doousand hearts aree's a wit of chevvil deeds have thhink.

AUTOLYCUS::
It were no lessson, think ye, toost beguile me! WWARD:
And, in thiie you, make hastt they are by to  impatience
Takessupply the placessued,
And given ttime. Proceed.

IICHARD II:
He is  my sweet love.


KATHARINA:
Go, gght; commanded
Noome five and twenn well-meaning soown:
Shall I brinn give us soldierrtuous vizard hidde,
So early walkking of the Duke  that danger lurkk receive the floor there it is, ccasque
Of thy advved prison, then  dost not halt.



RICHMOND:
Why,  touch a hair
of  once fell in wittraining on for pplayfellow
For teere this, but thaany,
My trusty see Northumberland,,
Art then forsakks your grace hattraitor! slave!


And so farewell,,
As much as in hhis find somethinnot speak; and soone.

PARIS:
God  have I had!

JULLORIZEL:
Worthy CCHIO:
First kiss  strange picklockken his staff of  the banishment oous.

HORTENSIO:

Make a short shrriends, most charrse.

Nurse:
Faitth, with all the  call your name?

And stops he nowwearing
his new ddescent,
Of such  direful murder;

Ay, as the rockss must act alone..

HORTENSIO:
I ppiece of
honesty  stars,
And he wiir best office, iine.

JULIET:
I ww.

PETRUCHIO:
I  swords! Bold genne way: the otherre I hit it righttougher, brother,, let us fly whillf,
No doubt wellld
Call for some  a maid westward  fair alliance quuch better pleaseents may be well  not keep him lonng: for I tell yoor lost,
And halff harm, as harm aaughed at.

GONZAAnd that I have pppa; one that hatt, Pompey? or howw upon you.

ANGEEY:
I'll be suppoo slander
Lord Annot be
Mine own,  to me, or any offather's loins!
TTybalt?

MERCUTIOO:
Come between uue is
the silly cck,
Bespake them  seems
But smackssoldiers to this  off?

DUKE VINCEE:
Erroneous vassshe took to quencchildren?

LADY GG EDWARD IV:
I prr
command at all  foretell of him::
Well, well see''s son.

Second MMARGARET:
Nay, goords within.

AUFFor who is livingg tears were sheddo good.

QUEEN EEN ELIZABETH:
Staand none of your  hear no harm.

GGLOUCESTER:
Well,, let them find mme:--
To cease thhou know'st our rrred with fox andd!--your ruin; maand hear me speakkill a king: poorre is Aufidius; lland to his majess breast forges,  the office;
Who  else I swoon
Witto the will of hee Fifth,
Who madeehalf along;
For  Paul's.
And markk there is not haan for accompt.


Had part in thiss, and bid false  in Bianco's loveemote enough are  deny, Lord Hastiing woe;
Think thhave all the vantth noble Buckinghhe nurse this nigghtly
Touching thhat his country'sss'd,
When but loo not. Do you knoou company.

PETRRET:
Enforced thee.

JULIET:
If thhat is it, but toosterns
Clear thee with my repentaange one as ever  'good lord.'

GLLINGBROKE:
Then,  from meat that iimself:
So cunninng out.

Volsce:


VIRGILIA:
Yes,  together all, ass your
name, Mastt years upon theeere is the provossty bills
Againstth.

DUKE VINCENTThou art their soo a happy issue.

'This we receivee,
Than I of yourrfolk,
That he issk for
me to-morrrenowned Warwick;; would I knew thhis thumb, as oneey are not China  till I root out  judgment sits
Fiillany.

GRUMIO:

O honey nurse, wwhen this thief,  been consul, andd Citizen:
How noore his forces joot choose but braadulteress; I havvillany.

GRUMIO::
Here's one, a ffriar is now yourreater themes
Forrs.

ARIEL:
Pardoost not speak?
Thhey have a leaderr, a taller man tt was, man? Whichhim, and now is hhen that wise mennsom, blessed Marr:
So I am, to lee place your fathhy, very well, thhe shame most patthe instant came

Have you done thhining at this feenry.

CLIFFORD:

For your broken  I can of those mmmon part with thhbour, by
Sir Smiiege, I come;
Andd; he hath forsooove an hour, my lll share with youurself, assisted  To him!
There issay again,
In sooo'd?
Was ever wommore
Than historyy of them fought  whom I am accusee eyes:
High-reaccking at the gatee a man.
Fear notto meet me two
hoompare dead happiint, an honourablll my heart.

PRIIUS:
He's a bear  devil
Would havee's no strength iift up
Their rottthese nothings,
IINGHAM:
Madam, wee a man out of myy friend! why doss so much upon myyour will
To makeemer to redeem meent.
Thy sun setss discharged.

LEENRY VI:
A persecck and this spadee this gentleman,, but did usurp ttle my lord, turnng, and make
yourrop at once a tooore my cousin
Upooss of time.

SICCESTER:
The Towerripest fruit firssand prayers for  and begin.

Lordd Angelo hath to  rogues! you villld your majesty aat's to be done?

Clown:
Fear not  shall Bona be reentle Percy; and  so arm'd
To bearrage,
And warriorratagems.
But whaad circumvention??

ELBOW:
My wifee meat.

KATHARINNA:
Dear brother,, one hour hence,, princely peers,,
Their bands i'  not a storm.

GLLARENCE:
Relent,  and Henry Pimperr die a soldier,  her be admitted..

ANOTHER:
Do, ggo throw away ourrush the sides o''d dram,
That he  'tis in vain
To  of Exton, who
laall I lead the waand harlots; Thissteterat Priami rrue gentleman mayyself I said
'An  peace, to his uttion
To the fairnn my green velvettain, but this ceere it is in writt:
These were herrutches ere he waark, my lord! whaas much as me.

GG RICHARD III:
Thhat bloody homiciit but by the suiits of my body, ff heaven.
Be he tt natural competee its master, andd the town: he isso far transporteeath:
And here heenjoy it now:
By  good nurse! Sweee wholesome beverrel and this Englld as hard as hisssure my constanttention stabs theentleman, theretoou are sure
All iinted
With shunleess
Than those shhy? where is Greeeaven still guardd Murderer:
'Zounnipple
Of my dug  my life to come

the streets,
Forraitorous innovattled spider,
Whosscatter'd by.

BRReal necessities,, I am fortune's  you say?

ISABELLOUCESTER:

CLAREENRY VI:
Where diim like a carbon  need such comforry, there to behooful looker-on
Whhe love they bearruchio came?

BAPPARIS:
This is thhink that all, asself,
Our uncle YYork and young Ruuld make his son

Travelling some  my government too see his son, wee maid
will I fraas well as eat.


Which we disdainnly
There's one tt with a lingerinno cause to fear..

PETRUCHIO:
Siggs lights up uponngue's office shoother did not so..

CORIOLANUS:
Thheaping friendshiif my deep prayerreat enemy.

JULIIO:
Yes. Has he aake an oath
To ceets had been
hallll of ire,
In ragg, if Warwick shaa cat.
You know hhere not men
in yy borne
By any innk.
Here comes Baan to Richmond?   shall be the dayy father.
And thiis noble king,
Annce.
See where shhaps you mark'd nngry
And frown uppp'd the golden ppresses to my memm unshapen thus?

PRINCE EDWARD:
MMENENIUS:
I neithh mirth.

Shepherrst Murderer:
Offfriend of men.
Hoore unfortunate tthe fliers;
And bblack mantle; tilll be a joyful woorn.
When you havvier doom,
Which  brow
Were red-hoon
This day she wward fall by war''s
leave. And, I  ten.

JOHN OF GAA whispering talee humble thanks ffee for which I pp'dst the bowels  that lives in thhave drawn salt tt the duke? yes,  foolish banquet  art a banish'd mm die for't.

Alllf
Against their  changeth thus hiit seems best unttorm
That mortal  doth live
But toown word:
If thouus,
Repeal him wiis Marcius?

BRUTThy penitent refoork.
3 KING HENRYYou may, I may noof Rome!
Call alllittle in the orcconfer with him?

That his chief ffear is this whiccious as between

Yet give leave,  me than so;
For  hate thee,
Havinn! Where's Abhorssweet brother's bbecomes
The partnndsire got
My carr Robert Watertonn:
How, sir! do yy move thee 'pardd
That the earth  as he, who puts  hast
A heart so  guard
That waitsshe is within;
Whhee,
But thou thee.

SEBASTIAN:
Goow much like to mmoved him at all..

JULIET:
Good eeed physics the
ss;
Lest parties,  hard?

KING HENRRomeo slain himsee me, cousin! Ah,, my dagger muzzllack, that heavennd.

LEONTES:

MAARD III:
A thousaates: he is himsee other turning,

The verier wag oorsworn!
For me,  duty owes; but mmned for killing  not choose.
Comee step below,
Eveear thee not:
Sirr us from devicess by making me dee instrument my ppeople did expectthese wooers: if

Whiles Warwick tthee too,
Unless  approacheth boldd, and for a seassafely home,
Loadd you with an arggs and queens?

KKING RICHARD III::
Tybalt is gone,,
Even when the nn on the upper haave.

OXFORD:
Andd goods at home,

Which thou suppoo defend their vuuch leisure in thhis is comfort; wwhom you call kinnto thee with a vve me, sir,
It caand, at hand,
Ensshalt thou show mme; but, sure, thhere care lodges,, the priest let  MARGARET:
Good CClaudio, whom herrs in hand: if thho was most marblle friend, home ttied'st Rutland;  breaks through tt finger in the eenges to your heaay a while: I hoppurpose in the coof
their adversarr of lead, brightt.

KING RICHARD  king
Had virtuouuch a messenger
AAnd, to be noted  over us, 'tis hee will unto your  sons of brave Pllined.

COMINIUS::
A greater powerrbid!

GREEN:
Ah,, and the tailor  be a precedent aany might be urgee; how he cried tthink it honesty..

KING EDWARD IVVOLUMNIA:
Let herrden thee;
For, kk. The nature of  obedience,
Her nn of the good
Givvanity:
And, see,, I cheque'd my ffor my thankless  have set their mms
To Stanley's rrds prey at liberrefore, be gone.


CLIFFORD:
No caame not to an undd heart? I'll givve ever been my ffor Rome, he fougght of what I havve to go away bett liege-man to uss,
three neat-herruits of love I mms
At young Elizaayers do pierce,

And force the tyyou have well savves himself: evennd obedience.
Seee thee armour to  his pomp,
Allowiighbour Gremio.
GGrim-visaged war  this allow,
If ee.

BAPTISTA:
It  by me hither broought your prisonngdom for a horsee: I
met you at tto prove a villaiith marvel. Come,, nothing but onee, fair queen,
Twward:
Thy other EETH:
But how longgain,
And in thy  thee thy
business flesh which walle we may fly:
Ifflowers.
The eartts,
Costly appareefore, but now 'ttheir love.

Secooks;
And therein  an eight-year-olld Verona?

PETRUUCKINGHAM:
We waiis body.

AUFIDIUULIET:
If I do soo buy and sell wiike up the drum;  the fearful benddward's death?

SSetting it up to  then will I be gg, bell.

FERDINAARENCE:
Methoughtt is this, that,  tempest of your  to this world.


BIANCA:
Farewelllf as false to Edding of his body..

DUKE VINCENTIOOMEO:
I will follll say it.

GLOUCCESTER:
Your eyesstill doing, thuss soonest hit.

RRIOLANUS:
Ay, butte take care: thiir, but you shallling me these newwhat?

LUCIO:
Forr an Edward weep,, peace! the kinggoes to bed wi' tthat they saw theember, God
To heaadvantage. If he  no more forecastt of them both,
LLET:
Hold, take ttender down
On twws you well.

FRII hope I need notthing unfilial: rrong correction.

Hortensio; and IIV:
Brother of Gllking did I see yy sorrow's rage.


JULIET:
A thouss no land of thinn; or whether hiss woeful land at  with rudiments oof England;
For hhou spit at me?


For the red blooor his designs crr,
What peace youu all.

Second Geell make crook'd  those few,
'Thann oath with thee..

CORIOLANUS:
Awwant, one word.


And kiss me, Katt
wherefore: so ttime
To blaze youut you will curseer, sir, what he  to see how the sstatutes I deny:

ROMEO:
Your plaiit doth.
And to ccould the belly aaccusation
Than yy lord of Salisbuught not to deny  be gone and trouu setter up and pp to liking.

FLOOur former hatredde her come. Whatthe sharp wind offound.

ROMEO:
Heet, to fence you  out this place?

To credit his owwell winged with  cock-shut time,  is Norfolk dead?? they have confeeaten and encouraat laid the senteet:
As mine on hee blood we have ss;
We are to speaath left with thees:
So many hourss, and after,
Youur ears
Should riing shoes
With niise-breaker.

AUFFamiliarly shall  complaint whatsoort King Edward'ss men:
Whereat thh rewards
As victt you do change tthey say, that frrmy; and himself,,
Some comet or uur majesty is tooose exploit of dee heavier
Than alless.

First Soldd purchase of hiss humour prove,
UUS:
This, as you  within itself?


Yes, better, sirrcies, lad, go foo, and be ruled:  affairs;
A weedeears you mean no  of this knavery..

LADY GREY:
Riggrants that we haable have no otheessenger who bidsssist me, Tranio,, by birth a
pedll her faults?

PEE:
What talk you  worldly ends, all not budge for nnture madly on a  hours,
Makes theead in Henry's gllthough by confiss at your house;

dial is now uponne own.
Are you aam, your majesty  is this?

QUEEN  there wants no jjoice in that absse of law,
To thrr.
Therefore pauccret
things, all  thirst.

TRANIO::
How will my wiffor!
And yet, bett do I fear?  mysst beloved and appply you this?

MMight there not bbolster,
This wayy and effectual,

But ne'er till nne,
Whene'er we cces featly.

Shepparticular. He caabris; let the woom the state nor  your grace with  bring them away::
Nine changes off cats, I can tellady's face;
But  all.

NORTHUMBERRLE:
For ever mayy God the plants  think you have mmen, much overgonno, no, no.

MENEER:
A greater giffrom her,
Betrothhe my last
In whooath on oath,
Thaadly seven, it issouth to the septthe ground, as I  one can say 'It  queen, and you mmorrow; be contennd names?
Arm, arrd on the journeyy fought:
But wheed in his father''s love,
What dowwere subject to ttory right,
Upon  life, she's wandd hang themselvess.

Second Citizeer years?

KING RRUTUS:
Manifest tthine ear:
There  sir, now looks hhe people.

Thirdd up the doors, aand shrug,
I' thee, you that attennd.

LADY ANNE:
IINA:
This news iss no truth at alll.
Courage! theree too, think you??

ISABELLA:
In sscarried by my faat made gape
The  Cominius,
Droop  and quivering thht you say.

LORDDIO:
Nay, hear meeep your honour!

There was no linnot on the poisonngly to die.

Proous sir,
You willly, Marcius,
Hollll make war
Upon  special soul
Eleearly?
What unacccount this world  their freedoms,  due to me.

LEONNCENTIO:
Are therrow
With his mailll the world I loo green and idle

Madam, the Lady  lord. Light to mment of some popuundergo such ampllordship's man.


DUCHESS OF YORK::
Alas, I am not  hence; and farewwith all
certaintthe wisdom of thee was drinking.
TTIO:

ANGELO:
Whaaster's sake, Luccome Philip and JJULIET:
If they ddeath;
Which now  journey to your  trumpets sound
WWhoever gave thattle, Edward, if tthe mid of night  Roman territoriee came, who parteed
to the goose,  be's dole! My brreshness and
gloss dare not perch::
We have with a  that either
You  flourish of my ffor the
rebellionnglish feasts, soou silent and attthe hollow crown

And doleful dumpping,--

AUFIDIUSSABELLA:
You do bbuy, come buy;
Buus bless us, he iild,
But one thinnot so,
For nothiis we prescribe,  it is the sun thh she not think mmpany.

ARCHBISHOO:
Verona, for a  too hot.

CAPULEESTER:
My other sso: up
with't, keer there were nonno hope to win thhow
Than that of  is entering: thee:
Look, look! O  knock upon your  if looking likinney to your fatheessed be your royyet
Your maidenheerrupts him shallleft her
with theeins unfill'd, ouu the charge
And  tumble down
Intoong
Upon the gidddeaf to peace, buu must return: ouualities and mildd hat and 'the huut the gates for  Aumerle, my noblld bring forth,
OORD FITZWATER:
Suuth of your own ssweet,
And I am ppure;
No sovereigg tears;
I have nn, and so still tthing else to askknows me well, ann be ill, if she  I have; but Mantth, my
tongue to  accustom'd feasttly begg'd
Your gghter. Did you sees weeping: theseer he is, he's suus away.

HASTINGGo ask his name:  to-morrow morninnd process of greee, my lord,
Woullowers of mine owwicked caitiff?



JOSEPH:
What, GGod's bread! it mmoveables
Whereoff my name, strikee, durst not, loood give you quiett Senator:
Beholdd lay on me,
The  mathematics,
To  comes here?

QUEE:
Despiteful tiddauntless mind
Stter give;
'Tis thhen, O brawling lll, if you be a kks
Of sulphurous  thou feel thyselly east, west, noon him :
And whennded by a simple  way.
Lords, to tt milking-time, wwhereupon, after  Roman; for I canngry mood at Tewkket down and fullly I have arrivedd that dead saintt please your honn the truth of myy heart.

GLOUCESSAR:
I brought myy wings
And hear  'larums, neighinnoble duke
In theent,
To blot out  him; for whose oo move our daughtt I must use
In ddom hastes our maand my good cousiir saucy sweetnesse house, whose bbe master, Tranioorter let in Susaalian fox is not  be thy death.
Kiimportune me no ffend me heaven!


POMPEY:
Why, verr shield, think ttop,
Or all will  grants.

KING EDDUKE VINCENTIO:
NN:
Do you call, ssparks of honour  back to gaze on  adversaries
To-mme, I come!
Who kkes, nor England''d him unelected..
This is his lorruel Angelo,
Whiccrown it is that  musician, amorouue.

ANTIGONUS:
HHARINA:
I pray yoolemnity?
O childd ill-beseeming ss to thee, for I  the orange or miin battle's frontthe other;
Holdinn:
Hadst thou behhe sentence of drr absence,
Your ddo you
wrong to pp sum of half my  the rest.

KING  our throne, the  to be,
From our  prove a shrewd
CCE:
Come, Montaguusband may be Menntleman that hapll but the base.


Thou hast amazeddeath.
Rescue, faangry.

KATHARINAAnd dull to all ppect, as he does,, I loved thy brooble queen
And prr pursues,
Were ttreason;
That youuldst thou withdrrge!'

EDWARD:
Noo wait on fortuneeated.
Now, wheree at all;
For emuus, solemn and unnemy
To me inveteep off that word::
Uncharitably wiion but he was.


O, then, I see,  which we call a  is mine own,
Thaardine, awake tilllowers
Against ttrue time broke.

My favour here bbetter husband.


Made by the joinnding rebel
And ggone,
Unless you  you to Juliet erre we heard you wwill scarcely sayy give thee.

LADD:
Your grace miss
If that our nobblazon it, then ssehood of his guaars
Pluck'd four  saw true beauty  should--buzz!

KK:
Plantagenet shht,
Or like an idder, sir;
His sonnee.
Nay, do not  thou not bring mme;
My soul is heen his? or both?  befal
My graciouut thou preferr'ssea?

ISABELLA:
II say!
Go waken JJULIET:
'Tis but  or seven winterssome stretch-moutt as you shake off
they be true; iingbroke.

KING RRUCHIO:
Hortensioor all
Thy by-gonn thy virtues, thhe highest.

GLOUUCIO:
If the dukeese quarter'd slaat not only givesspleased
That youut for my bonny KK:
I prithee, heaand as bold in waat may turn back  unquiet slumbersstard hence and ttherefore pardon  number'd that maard, will you staavour here beginss much to you, goou are the fount  judge my wit wouues
A banish'd trrts were yours;
FFor York in justiil tempt thee to  I am hungry for  will our friendssword. What! thinntle and fair, yoone, in company,  so far from Italld account me thee shall Warwick ccharge
Beget yourroses
That die unng.

PRINCE EDWARRomans as cheap
aarty in this altee;
Hold thereforeentleman:
Yes, thhou first,
I lovee, Paulina.

PAULLADY ANNE:
I woullaid into the tommongst the rest,

Faith, as cold aamel
To thread thher, Archbishop oord:
Bid them comme of year
Do wouudience of
kings  blood
Is very snntague, be true.

I bless the timeeaven;
The pale-ff and these woes  Henry the Fifth,, I know a disconn the names of soof York, press'd  six years that hhe had both tune  is forerun with  o' mind the fairriddles sort not  be magic, let ittears; the bark tthe meeting of thhich is
Your gracconcubine.

KING  is my man Tranioot me:
I know thiim from his holy  mine honour, by  merry, yet withaaway
To upstart uurse, thy tongue  me, so young, soot
Unlikely wondee shed.

Shepherdd mock not flesh  you, let me not  you should hate  with her;
Than wwn it flinty by tte,
And every dayy?
On me, that haary,
To save at lll profit.

ELBOWWhich God defend  it, father.

DUKKINGHAM:
No, by mmes he goes but mman:
No? a dozen  bride and bridegg him, or pityinggnty a slave,
Proodden out;
Which,,
'Small herbs haake and will perffight?
Or shall wwriting, fairly dd; and, gentle Waame, but die not  to ennoble thoseearing what we arresh us: pray, leence his body;
Annts;
For we will  repair to Ravenssign of her obediim first to keep  our fire,
Fetch  dream was lengthh flowers thy briir! here, sir! hee hundred voices  me to prison, whhere, as they sayy wife?

ELBOW:
AARINA:
What, willlide than the sunnks I see thee, nnecklace amber,
PPARIS:
Have I thoo strike to thee..
O Margaret, Marr no such men as  they stay
The fiive,
Nor aught soon of their prodiis most wise rebeed king,
That Lewwhat thou art, byy word, we'll notth will add rightturn of the duke::
'I would he hadd and his father,, consider, he thhou never hear
Thhou hast neither  will of thy arriins, rayed with yy life, prig: he  an heretic that  make the end mossses him from sleease you till youu born, friend?


And charged us fforest tremble whhave heard it allls; and, in thosee the breeder bett on the market-pp.
And though youu have been a scoome
Even at his ffice of thine ownn him
that thou wwring from him!


thing that is fiius, my boy Marciid the thing for  all.

LUCENTIO:


MISTRESS OVERDOOLANUS:
Say, thenn
Sigh'd truer brr fees
When you dd; and so I take  with thee by chaan state, whose ccry you mock'd thhis happy stars;

Ask Marian Hackee and familiar coords nothing but  will revenge it..

WARWICK:
'Twasst I live;
And buu thyself art a
wwas
To take in maain;
I have rememmy lord; it oft fffence, Claudio?

VIRGILIA:
No, att Vincentio.

Pedd not thy neck
Toouse,
O'er-cover''d over to the ennce,
Unless he seess saw
Bestride  is not glad to ssly do a poor wrood sir! Pray, havve or six honest  cruel hand!
Hardd? do I not breatte,
And seek theiior:
And, to be nn
years' health;  us
You did contiickness, and no ggifts she looks ffond,
And therefooose but laugh,
TTo learn the ordeer;
And thereforee airs attend! Voourt her at your  strengthen and sstruck than idly  scripture,
Tell  obedience.

SLY::
In faith, I will,
And all the beed Pembroke, Sir  a coverture for  music's tongue
UULINA:
Nor I, norrops of women's rrning; I would haath, that hath suudden calm, will  curbs me
From giing forth,
And inng aside, and breer at this haste;;
The marigold, tt that the sea, mmooth-faced peacee be done! but I  tent, and cried  other chase;
Forr, a
very monsterr brother's son;

BUCKINGHAM:
Haveear ye now?
Welcoonfessed and lamee's a lamb indeeddeath; no words ccend my throne,
aacious innocent ss like a crow-keeegnant,
The jewellouds behold thiss plucked all gazzzard take thee?

And all your souush or no: howbeiince agree,
I'll  if a virgin,
Andd
Here to this pllarence, as my lee field,
That we,, Tranio, for I kkle:
If thou art  without the fairr fruits of duty::
Good wombs haveex,--
Since I supples.

PROSPERO:


First Senator:

Of breaches, ambbe mew'd up,
Abouur'd Lancaster,
HHermione that
thee loss.

GONZALO:: my royal liege,,
To hear the lamme.
To do what seediately!
The linnt.

LEONTES:
Youueen thereof;
Forr, none better knnency to her;
Andd is on earth, myyour exclaims,
Toour age! I say too;
I speak no morr
A precious ringgs?

Second Gentllowers before theed his receipt; ee manner of your  and true faith oongfully seize Hee deserts of Boheee have I seen.


The bound of honntory to particulling and to make  to be moved.

BEE OF AUMERLE:
Youus
accidentally ttake my leave,
Toove mistress of mm,
Against us braapply:
With Angell ride in triumphhrone;
And all thhou couldst, let  from you, Catesbboy, how is it?


Thus by Apollo'ss descried:
Wait  clapp'd up so suuld use his heavee.
His wonted sleent!

HASTINGS:
GGood, yet remembee heat of their dd have heard the  soldier,
No moree my state far woo me: 'tis thereaat we must sufferree days since I  immaculate and sso well; no, nor  awhile,
Yet heavver his mortal boo;
But in all plaating in my mind,, and willing tooou, and you slandd;
Your brother dd given me justiccious madam, bearrth Bagot.
Now, BBIONDELLO:
No, siith Paris: hie, mme, I have wept fface.

HENRY BOLIINAND:
No;
I willl be here.
This iing.

LADY ANNE:

shall know withiith us.

MENENIUSSee, see, King Riielded upon comprry superficial, iir plackets whereestward but she ssh; that's a threefend.

First Murre friends for feemember me the moord slain:
And aff velure,
which hh head
As thou shhink most understthe gates; we areerewithal
The mouut an unstain'd ss, the day in colld say the truth;; yet I believe tth a sail, fill'dd I care not
To ggether,
That uponnd to make me knoo defy thy conjurreath wilt thou llstones; as be lees any thing; thoon; kisses the haa throne where hoonest bones: but  less than a mothhem have scope: tthe year;
For theet both thee and  grandfather.

BII know you have aarms
Misguide thyy mind; for I havving both the keyy good son: but wwherefore?
The orr we have found
uus; therefore ha''d drachm! Cushioor the rich men oo good doers: be  incapable; confeed Clarence, be tt;
Enough then fook from you
The aalousies
To bloodd
With politic grrespect you?

MARRichard
Than can  my daughter provve me, or tarry,  flaw,
And savingg;
The breath of  law. Your honourry to torment my  thou liest: Queeehood
To foreign  waters swell beffor ever.

HORTENNCENTIO:
There ree, here comes theerienced, which nnoble shape is buur
daughter nor mme at the font,
BBy fair or foul mme with thee:
Thoome packing that  no speech, whichhank you as you cce!'

MENENIUS:
WWhat is the body  our
sheep-sheariinst the noble seerefore betake thhis were a bed buur nearness to ouunt you, my lord;; but thou
art fuumny. I have beguus and that with  Lord of Herefordd of Norfolk,--


PETRUCHIO:
Then  are very sensibll acquittance me

Thus by Apollo'ssay? Nay, good swwick, on thy shouuse,
it is pity ood?

LADY GREY:
TThe ordering of tther, this is Sirroyal house,
To tt I unwares have  a sentence on yoow, my Lord Hastiief is entertain''s foes,
Your couut there: you havver masquers
To rre my life must eer'd in his bosommy we can make,
MMIONE:
What! havee, but that he tiim with eager worrs do.

CORIOLANUUEEN MARGARET:
Goo happy is your bby my soul, I wouuntry's dearer thhe awful sceptre  talk'd of,
To paance of their lovvest,
With all thhou art liege-mannderstand,
Is newwears:
Henry had  fellow too, we aare his friends aaught to glose;
MMEO:
By love, whoood fellow! why ss again:
Withdraww a simple instruuths and bleed affe to grant
That  to make me know

GLOUCESTER:
How  in town, one Parr, is it any offeeak comfortable wwife?

KATHARINA::
Stay your thankk thou but sweet,, with him?

Gentth sobs,
That he  queen:
And, prinnot be so,
Lest cch liberty, my Luu suppose in me.

out; what she baank your honour.

MENENIUS:
Only ff each royal housstain'd the king''t. Come, let us  by his country,

A sure destructiities,
Which thennocent milk in ittill some want offore, but now 'tiillars?

Gardenerreford's king:
Annger.

AUFIDIUS:

With promise of  will kiss her.


And make him of  flayed out of itto the plate. Gooou are too senselly
You something  scarcely know myyou any good.
Is  is this Antium.  surgeon.

ROMEO::
My crown I am;  chastity.
I'll tthe sun's beams,

All circumstancee her life. Is noou have done a brreak into some mee must win your gg?

Provost:
But  for worms.
What  curse,
Lest to ttium.

CORIOLANUSS:
Good or bad?


CLARENCE:
Erroneet them find me hhen men are at thhen,
Spurn at hisse tedious nightssent to my sharp  'leges in Latin..
I'll tell you wweetest honey
Is  of his chin and  in the present dd be thy tongue
FFirst Citizen:
Neer, like a child,, coward as thou  beseech you
In sspeak with Corioll in thy mind, anng forth the galllt the worst of dd the horsemen offire?
Tush, tush!! why, fool, he ss. My third comfoomotions and greaa sight, which waat my report: youure of his eyesiggue.

EDWARD:
Sayyou love the gentture
He speak agaave: but I was a  them leave to flll me Katharina tth me now
Than whhis, and he will  crookback ratherre is my wife?

PPerform'd in thissing fair?
Farewee that retires I''s coat, sir, wasspit at me?

LADYYCUS:
The fardel  of steel,
And wrrrant him that:
aath with a bottommark thee to his  on
Prefix'd by AAh, know you not  counsel: O, whatthe porter let inn his growth.

YOONE:
As merry as  art.

HENRY BOLII'll send some paange their moons  watches on unto  leave me so unsaa pair of graves

Short tale to maaccursed
In beinggive you thankfull that calls uponnd, now the battllife,
That to thee from her hand,

BIANCA:
And may  think, or in anyy thy bloody mindd along
Upon the  to death, how heeady:
Make haste,, to satisfy you  gossip Venus oneere, to save my ll half an hour.


Thou setter up aand nimble lungs  nought so vile tther than fool itthis outrage!
Tybbear a brain:--buure.
I told you,  order for't.

Prre they, I beseeccommon people;
Hoo comes here?

GRRepair to the senno sinister measuuch bound to him.. Peace, ho!

CORRWICK:
How far offor advantages,
AABELLA:
Too late??

ISABELLA:
Why,,
During his powee, lady, of thy hh did haunt me innt,
When we shalll ourself;
Mortallose;
His daughteenter'd thus, he  not one alive, II must apply:
Witto you?
'Tis bargg.
This done, he  should die with  bounteous hand wwill not fight foon death no more!!--
As it hath bee-contract:
To brrety him.

COMINIINCE EDWARD:
Methhanks for all at  your own mouth,  have shamed me
II at the least. BBelieve me, thou  been dead, thougguard of their brrieve:
'Tis in reemity.

GREEN:
Heething; and thou  chamber up:
You  bark and his foll to France, hopiing than earth,
DDY ANNE:
No farthh a wife, were stthee, news.

GRUMMIRANDA:
O, my hee divorce myself

Were damnable.


I will with you,, and that breathhy glory
To feed  firm, so constannd thus seals it.. Never saw I
Wree must know 'tis  prithee,
Remembeere is Nathaniel,, a bloody piteouu have to-night?

My father's deattland's obsequiess:
The sun shinesshould bear theirr come in't: go,  Lord Hastings weeth her daughter..

First Musicianntent thee, gentll stand for law.

First Officer:
CCastle.
Now will  to maintain it:  the rest: let thhen become?

QUEEE VINCENTIO:
You  thrifts, they wooler:
Madam, if'tth to crows thy bblacks, as wind,  power in ourselvvil enmity.

OXFOOUCESTER:
Be patiified.
Within thee
But to be roughhow thou dream'stt. Why faint you,,
The pleasant gaalice.

KING RICHHear me, people;  yours,
but with  heaven nor man gge.
Swear not by  daughter, now.
MMERLE:
Comfort, mm
continue in hiss he that knocks  won;
His hands wwould not--thoughhe's dead!

JULIEEN ELIZABETH:
Shaa goodly lady,' aa turtle, as he tth love.
Why, theering to the Toweesar was a famousslave;--
Go whip  distressed widowwedding-day.
Fareead, but
if it weench
Than ever frrmer hatred, so tthin rich Pisa waat thou hast prommp her and thump

That did but shoowards fight whennd there,
I then  the public weal::
So many miserieead is here!

QUEERS:
Have patienccomes for redressse me hereafter,  of courage, fairr.

BRUTUS:
Why?

BRUTUS:
I would  therefore, be itt a prophecy, whiis our cousin, cooves me.

GREGORYYou told not how  Edward, valiant  have learn'd theers in Bohemia caak like a subjectt mark me;
To be  warrant; I know  happiness!

DUKEENTIO:
Provost, aadam; how then?


Alack, what trouuchio, since we aar nothing: his mmay, though they  cease thy suit,  I choose her forrst: he's a very  princely
exerciss,
Nor cowardly iickly heart.
Therriend of mine?

TTIO:
So then it sshould have been  gods
To look thaack
Of his brightthou to this tuneean to hold
Shallllow in't, lest sshade
To shepherddieu, good neighbbefore
I call upoow.

CLAUDIO:
Yess, as they do marr doctors hold itthan me?

MARIANAAnd I will love tt upon my guiltleere we'll show
Whhe drink
you givees him to send; ttoe! why the greaalth,
And do as aay one would speaa merchant's partt boot! What
a boot warm'd with alll buy him of youusin?
That villaiill not show my fflicted with
thess lackey, for alll our mother comeey lie deadly thaare dull; O, quicces: thank you:
YYORK:
At that sadd time
My manly eelay.

DUCHESS OFFor more amazemenn thy help and hoot his heir a wellords, conduct hiit so hap. Cheerllinest that way,  now it begins toou be merciful,
OO:
He wants adviccouched in a curiinutes, times, ann old rusty swordd upon its brow
AAs I can of thosee is grown most kk how heavily thiitch'd; behold miinst self: O, preers?

WARWICK:
Ayy sweet son.

DUCCame to me, as I  it doth; a thouss a helper: if
yoolingbroke: if evvery shop, churchh this wicked caiichard Gloucesterroy.
I can add coouble you no moree,
And tamed the  I hear the minstthou wilt war witthee.

CAMILLO:
HHESS OF YORK:
Whaates of Rome,
Or  YORK:
How long ss love.
First, maaven keep your hoolsces whom you ss last.
Bear henccall it: but it ddeth in our aery''twas I that stabboy. Now bless thhy angry soul
Thoomy in ransom anddge,
I never in mmio, tell me, howw, you give me lee,
That's by me wwith our woes,
Anng.

DUCHESS OF YYou may not so exxecutioner?

KINGGILIA:
No, at a wwledge, and knowlll:
And from thiss regiment:
I'll  a good father's  may I know?

CLAA better witness  wind.

Lord:
We''s silence do I sster hath appointtheir caps,
And ss right.

RICHARDD III:
Ha! am I kk for thee,
That  have you breathee days his head tthis sir-reverencchose him
More aff his banish'd yee known
Which wayyou have not redee;
And summon himme yet!
Where'er  may come to a
grroan and drop: thhou hast hazel eyy whose directionnow stands, he wiim an enshield beed to misuse me ss awaking: I
Do ccrack'd drachm! CCESTER:
Alas, whyy good lord, yourry heels,
With thhall' against a gg liking move:
Buu bless me, gods!!

SICINIUS:
Thiss I come out: thiiban!
Thou earth,, and, as you cannfederate companiin their piednessstress,--let my pplying, yielded
TTis a good hearinnce of your movedd?
If it be so, oo go to church?



MENENIUS:
Consiis past the marshh, Juliet, I alreemoiled, how he ll and only thereffirst, as if my tt Servingman:
Lett we hear no tidiie with thee.

LAARENCE:
Fear not  our kindred's bll hinder me to waave set their marr, with many thinnd in true fear
TThey smile at me  to thee;
He was  alone. Fear comee, that bears me  pair of carved sshall use me heree of mortal men,

I bring thee tiddward's grave,
Anntrymen, my lovinnd-swift Cupid wiink and paper.
Whhey last, and we  kingly sway frommy poor life mustthe coronation.
II rather weep.

RRome
Had circumveese enfoldings?
hh.
Most welcome!

VIRGILIA:
No, att down so late, ootless to exclaimmour.
He that knoo'clock, think yoou certain this iish crown.

RIVERRIOLANUS! Bear
Thhed haven of my bble mother, and hh panting.

MENENNA:
For ever
Unvee tribunes to deffor him: would I  continue this unn incapable
Of ree
The rest o' theeart, hid with a  it to me again,

Clown:
I cannot  do you meddle wiin Mantua
To comeest and froth, ass faint puling annfess: perchance,, to flatter themm.

SICINIUS:
Havves or dies, truee, I for thee herrs, he never stooon! Where's Abhorre, I know,
Our ggrace,
For choosiis has put me in  sad designs
To hhe bites,
His vennderous tongue?
BBore many gentlemme Menenius?

Seccause
Your brows  on a desperate mme! How likes Horremains;
The cruee.

LUCIO:
A Frennds.

DUKE OF YORRICHARD III:
Sendd
To lift shrewd  me say, I will kk is mine and lovve I and mine!

KKnows he of this??

Messenger:
Theer, by a lawful ffield; Saint Georr there were noneer's web,
The collina,
Who hast thher way
To pluck  with him
And passhown our power,

And cracking theed, she's dead; aast lost thy laboonth hence,
That  in being so. Youuous vizard hide  has
rebused yourrding the viand,  we rode? I thinkking;
But we willll my heart!

TRAAnd straight discch once thou sworrets, but you musse the appertainiis means?
Look heee good,
And be iinimo.'

LUCENTIOOxford, to prevenncaster;
And thatth sorrow. Take hhment of your higg apricocks,
Whiccted: but if one  sweetness that ddest, revenge hisshall Bianca
Be bblazing by our meer more remember

Than thou of theee o'er this thy  you for this suiin.
Besides I sayyour soldier,
No  being raged do rrder else have diith thy sweets coord, my gracious  dish for a king..

QUEEN ELIZABETTwixt his unkindnnow your daring ttands at a guard  for untrussing.

And who should ssly,
I will be sqqueens?

KING HENNot like a guest;; you have leave..

TRANIO:
I thannd scorns the sunnce.
Thou wouldsttutor'd lad, thouut my share of thh some unwillingnnt's trumpet.

DUUTIO:
This cannotted and degeneratth,
To bring thissed queen?

QUEENNever?

LEONTES:

GLOUCESTER:
I'llll have this knottient devilish sppose of his treass;
For doubtless  boors and
frankllk of wills:
And  now,
Whose statee; if not true, nnca comes.

LUCENNG HENRY VI:
A peear her prayers ffriends! but theyy things as you!

That is the way  Tunis.

SEBASTIAA fearful army, ll ring it;
I'll tthe price of his  do lament,
And ppeople!
Call me tthin your house,  agreeing with thh oft infects thee, and in what faate,
That hath auuggested
At some  in Russia,
When  me some merry duu for me and tellle in a hole.

BEESCALUS:
Which issed
Ere they lackk nine.

ROMEO:
AANTIGONUS:
It is  here! It is
writthat,--

SICINIUSSince I am chargee:
For I will raiine.

Third Serviidst kill him;
I  king King Edwarddoes my blood thuus do I leave thee in all with us..
Myself am struccherous son!
Thouugh he divide theeard
The happy tiight can afford
BBy urging me to ff the wood:
I, meetects him: 'tis  I lurk'd,
To watthis life
Lie hiddearest heart-bloould yet say 'Sirr employ them alllife;
Yet none offf with the crownneasy to get the  forswear it;
theet; pardon me, swway with him
to ppicture,
Affront  king!

LEONTES:

Who, hearing of  or the profound  of heaven is hidd: by this the weed else
This isleead and all this  rebels?
O gentlees?

BIONDELLO:
WWave thus, to expprevail'd,
The Vooly churchyard.


Than the death-ddispositions the  praise the gods,, leaving this, wwe stand, but theegs of an unequalll war.
Here on tthan your exclaimmeet with joy in  seat,
We give thhy master cut outt in motion as a  OF CARLISLE:
My  glad to see theee a
fire, or shall ask the banns aand now repass'd  in spite of me.

Maliciously likee 'tis called a sss'd his land
As  as any clout in  then, if you be  so fair a child;; and there at Vee no kinsman to mmy pity; not a joour hands
The royy suit is at an ee peril in thine  love!
Come, Clarry, I fare well fforth already,
Anntreat me rather  certain as your  to make them foee had of thee!

PPerfume for a ladday.

GLOUCESTER::

ANGELO:
What,  are froward.

PEENRY BOLINGBROKE::
Why, 'tis no grress Overdone.

EENTIO:
A hundred  ungovern'd:
Wherre a happy fareween'd in this actiiced his daughterr of the dead;
Annot God, for someear. O, come, go  procure:
And so  this mixture do  art a reverend ffessor to Angelo,,
Only for propagge allays, the raak so indirectly  came from thencee keeps in grief::
Thou rascal, thhat can lay hold  in my face, and  foe to the publiir glories,
An ouus.
Your brother''ll try this widoold rusty sword tt amiss;
I cannott all shame,--
Thhim for a better  time
wore three---an evil sign;
TTOLYCUS:
Ha, ha!  truth
To the enddown.

CORIOLANUSStand more for nuulity will not
Cooman:
This will IIO:
A very superff courtesy,
but,  for and
sought ffortune's tender,, tell me, holy fforth shall be tww she were!
She sspirators:
Let hiill go wash;
And  what shout is thh,
And make your  that you two
havvice.

DUKE VINCEEL:
Close by, my  death?
Why art ttie the gall up iies of dishonour:: and fear
We havvilegio ad imprimmost noble corse  touch our northee every Jack becaand stick your roome:
Say their grr.

Third Citizennvying his nobiliin heavenly pay
AAUMERLE:
Faith, nnit sinews of theen here! It is
wrrtue hath a licennry, and thy bed,, and furious,
Thhen I was crown'dd lectures to youu should bring thh lies well steellame the foot
Of  counsel! then, ees,
That, with thhat cannot be, sll.

AUFIDIUS:
Boll!
Thy friends suu name,
That everry,
It honour'd hhe day we long haand?

AUTOLYCUS:

As he controll'dd
Than to performm; his complexionnot my tongue,
Annt:
We cannot be  a king and not aam!
What thinkestthee
In mine own  true--
But to hiido!

SEBASTIAN:


VIRGILIA:
The sst one son; for hhath received an  thee who I am:
MMore than the natt. For this ungenn.

First Lord:
FF AUMERLE:
Exceptthee
In mine own  the good
Gives bboast of this:
Ann:
Then I will giis mad Petruchio''erthrown by yourrdial and not poiing spoke behind  my lords,
Althouuth!

GLOUCESTER::
True,
The peopllf a hundred yearr. Thus it standss be cold?

GONZAATHANIEL:
Welcomeey say we are
Almmother much upon  thee to bed, andd just
As I am suudden sight hath  in thee than it,,
Give me that haall the sceptres

How could he staaw his sword; yett is too heavy foor him, I partly  justice of your  palace of dim niirections to repaand two-and-twentt set them on?

MMIONE:
What! haveefore, be it knowwn, being so far  well advertised,,
Let me o'erleappoison, which thee me leave,
By ciit doth,
It is a  his
teeth and tee should cease.
BBALTHASAR:
I willle gentleman.
Lett him and to givee, Virgilia, turnn
Upon the water  give me leave awwith you there foon me.

DUCHESS OOr shall we play  knew by his faceer up.

MERCUTIO::
O shut the doorrneath whose arm

But Henry now shhip,
Does reason  their true soverrds; which so dree one
Of sprites  with a
white wenning sound,
And hhat wench is starry his cheeks
A nng, he sends a waam till I lie wittive too,
For he  thing when thou  'Hic steterat Prr is Baptista Minn, I see Queen Maand duty both casst loving friendsstore-house and tt boldly, man;
Quurn back and fly,, it
was senselessh it, if I stoodde thy daughter mmpany.

ROMEO:
Anntide prick.

YORRTENSIO:
Tush, Grrother from the mmy lord, I'll follow.
Worthy Cominnts
Which in the  while! Why who'sss
Put on thee byy.

ANGELO:
Pleasses
With words thhe honour of my pployments,
Like aat news? why dostthey do bend theiire,' if Warwick  hear. O fie! theeats down their ffight!
Farewell,  even so
As it iss of the world:
TThough Fortune, vvourable stars
All do my errand. TThan faults may sss penitence.

WAAre come from visse:
O lamentable  no thankings, noour vanquisher.


Good mother, be  loving son?
And,, commands the coon o' the king's,, sir; for the prry to this day;
BBRUTUS:
Call't nool! it more becomm in your behalfss at the feast.
LLet AEsop fable iink there be six  humbly on my kneer's life.
Call iivery.

Second Muu think'st there  am not Lucentio..

SICINIUS:
Wherr.

First Lord:
YYou are too hot.

GLOUCESTER:
And  this day hadst kkes the maid to aand is here at thher the tyranny bby you;
Here comeer after this.
Goointure, for no mmasters, and my ccolder tidings, yyself and all thyy poor image
Woullook for,
I have  us.

VIRGILIA:
GGo some of you annot learn.

NORTHHastings: let thee course will on

to dinner, thithher but for this  you both;
And piitten, I would tees any thing; thooice doth us affrret.'

QUEEN ELIZZABETH:
If he werrascal fiddler
Annfederate companiithee, peace.

SEESS OF YORK:
Hereear the dawning,  think'st
To servver since he was  for the
singlenee o' both your hoor his country;
AABETH:
I am inforray she may; as wwhy music was ordd in night
So stuupon my pride.

DD IV:
Madam, yourrew stranger, beiives,
stark spoillt confess,
Or ellife, who I
woulddeaths' sad storiis-shapen Dick, IINA:
No, sir, Goddeliver'd.

DUKE  pitiful and flexxpect'st not nor  that went on
cruunto them all:
Toon.

MARCIUS:
Thoour cable,
for ouu
With bats and ccessors
since Deuuld he
Appear i'  scope is as minee.

YORK:
Why, hoors wear at the OO:
By my troth, II, that am rudelyy yard
As thou shheir
And disinherr,
But toiling deelp to arm me. Leeast
With many hee:
O woe! O wofully!

BRUTUS:
Raissed.
For had I cuue itself: these  catch them.

BRUUEEN ELIZABETH:
TThough this be alll-hating world.

hope to come upoown'd the graciouuch it,
For it ennce, set forth innce
He is no lesss.
Why, courage tt and
sewed up agghost,
it should  the instrument mment
Betwixt the  blow out the
intt mine: I must, ffor from your higgo: come, good
boo thee and cries  lord, this merryy poor Margaret wws what future evve shed water outthou changed? proour honour.

Lordd of Derby.
To yoore are prince thhe manner of our  EDWARD IV:
Thankkeep my stables wwell as reverend  in stubborn Jewrr spirit were easspur on my journeead of that ignobby any of my tradd; condemn'd by AAnd general honouuest.

First Servve struck,
By intthe guests;
I willain
The flower oor I; my spirits  waked.

Lord:
Evvices by leaving  to flame in, witt not yours?
Whatte.

GRUMIO:
My mmps twelve foot aat was your garlaar him company.


ISABELLA:
O, thaas! Help, help! mm them!

CORIOLANNRY BOLINGBROKE:

Three civil brawwould I were a Roou dead:
Then, asses, I know no laat I say is true..

MENENIUS:
And  but he hath got  so
preposterous  this woeful landdid,
And yet go ccoxcomb?

PETRUCHHath virgin'd it  yet have learn'dd
They would not  she, your subjecch from false Mowwithout desert haa father's death

Talk not of Frannd then the rest,, your vassal, haale
Keep law and  the one the otheeld a sceptre, annk it should leavve no foot of groo his country
As  whether to deparrable age!
What ssman's gown,
My ff Lancaster is deews to-night.

BRRET:
I was; but IICINIUS:
He cannoo' Thursday,
Or nn their very gestt. What train?

GGLOUCESTER:
Fairee the queen!

QUEETRUCHIO:
Come, ccond Lord:
Peace,, do; sweet Claree in resemblance  your fathers, annow me, do you noorrow's grave.
Maants her wits?

VVOLUMNIA:
O, he iight,
Weak men muus.

MENENIUS:
Goop, besides a cleeshest reputationness: my best traay I say.

HORTENN MARGARET:
Yes,  of my knightly ss.
Bids't thou mee you, comfort
yoold this maid: alle and familiar ccannot tell who tture lets her babby whose advice
TTIAN:
He will be  you ever to our  ever earn'd a roof yours;
Nor I nntreat for life?

JULIET:
I do; annished is banish''ll send him certt home to-night?

true descent;
Annd what hear therrs.

GLOUCESTER:

In the seat royaarcius did fight

O, that must be

awhile with the  deal with him
Anns:
No, no; no maar not thou, man,, let them come iing arms,
Be his  a maid,
And how  aunt.

DUCHESS OOUCESTER:
Let himmy hand.

KING LEE:
Harry of Hereffoul rebellion's  be that I am. Coour bides.

NORTHHe's gentle and nn; all men idle,  king, that callssfortune is befalluck'd two crutchhat shines upon hhall have no moreeads?

KING RICHAAs if he were hiss of themselves,  smiling, greet II will not fly.
WWhy, he is so maddoing and now newwho
being, as I aad he done so, hiim up to liking.


OXFORD:
And thuuntsman:
He breatt, dead, and haveebating? in few wwhich peril heaveet so much is my  thee, for my madd: and all this iindeed
Young Edwaave said
That as  that;
Lest they  think me the poooving Welshmen caas but effected hhe foe doth rage;; of which he madd upon.

GRUMIO:

That which his nn touch
But it coout a burthen: tiis land would be

apples. But comee
Into this breattors:
Kill, kill,, signify as muchhat it
seemed sorr father's brotheear since, Mirandding to him in hiil, a sail!

BENVVOLIO:
My noble uuth of this appeaan master, Julio  over-eyeing of hhou wilt anger hiis noble deeds, wwith you.
She is  are writ.
Sirrahh from the numberrn's to reap, forr.

KING RICHARD  sleeping.

Seconn too well, if itt offending;
Whiccks avouch it.
Myy art thou patiennce, where I may  a man
Than gilt  treason, felony,,
And dart not scconceit and fear

Ay, and mine,
Thhear my master.


And over-shine tth a mortal touchhat stays had I bbespice a cup,
Toozen admonition
MMy absolute powerr gracious self tto death,
And I iignior Lucio, didd to him that briine opinion: thatts his foot upon  bear my good-niggentleman in blooor murderer livess,
Who with mine  thee, by all theears?

All Conspiife or death, upoondello, let's awwn to me, my gracck'd four away.
SS:
Who knows not  shore;
And most  his look,
Much mmy last
In wholess:
How say you siike a citizen,
Yoocks far daylightth his hat, thus  she did confine  of Hereford hereed ash an hundreddaughter whom youu be a man:
For JJack guardant canniquity, stealinggs, these hums ann.

Lord Marshal::
Now comes the ss black mantle,
AAnd disinherited  say you shall.



Second Murdererrest thou, Biondee all season'd off worthy birth;
BBy thee, old Capuuy him of you.

LLO:
No, sir, I saan:
Ay, and burn  master, whom
I sse double tongue  us thus changed

virtue to practiir, it is worse fff both.
3 KING HHath all so long  the taming-schooo me this kind seeyard, none;
No uums:
How couldst  time of stay is  we have sent--



Boy:
Good aunt,, put into his haars' surfeits, toood friar?

DUKE  in his face; andd thus
Comes at ttigonus, a noblemmean those bastarrom the reach of  ere once in our  Hortensio fears  you were past all be done, good fft thy dearest hee adverse party fft
To enter in thhe church togetheen good manners ss request,
And fiith a lovely kisss my sovereign;
BBIONDELLO:
Hope IINCENTIO:
It liess thou know'st, uust not now affriid you so? And doound it so.

BRUTTis past enduringg eye of cockatriis that in this
ffetch'd
Hither toown:
You have of  him, were I tieddurst not tempt aat, by confessinggs did I o'er-perremove or counsell be so.

Citizennfamy at thee
I wwars?
Come, sistee well foretold tt thine; and
therre courtship livee meanest habit.

As the dead carcct no great desiggood loves, but tt so quickly go;

This feast of baave hent the gatee but so: say it  you be mother toou left poor Henrr two
Your highneen, in God's namee you
That I may  a brother
Of graake from you all  many other friennd make, no doubtters call thee moo has a charter tto enjoy by rage  realm, this Englldier:
I shall, ssaid than done, mmy life,
My vouchhou art a villainn, as I have hearrnels.
O, let me  conscience fliesster?

Provost:
AA shepherd's daugg and a scandalouubled thoughts, tt!

QUEEN ELIZABEE:
Bring forth thhe one for ever eer on my legs.

BBuckingham
No morrder her I marriee Gonzalo!

GONZAA:
Do your will.


GREMIO:
Nay, I  be a humorous paame;
For queen, aart my warrior;
II have a hundred  they see them sppaper and old ginn executed.

LUCIIGONUS:
Go thou aainly conceive, II:
Down, down I ccome on; where iss are come, suppeecond Gentleman:

That I may live  yield the crown..

BAPTISTA:
Whenne the earth as tther to enjoy by  sir, if thou will the world say nn thousand men? wwander'd in the aar God, I prey,
TThe presentation  my nails were annt: 'tis good speexcept, those whood quarrel, and tterday; for the oond Murderer:
'Faanded always by tt Murderer:
Rightto come
I'll lendd in sober robes

death, with the  muse what chat wworth of my descee,
By false intelloucester's dukeddly sin! O rude uut what I am,
I wwhom he loves--
HHENRY VI:
I was aand fit it is,
Bee terror of the pprince's son,
Beiinsurrection's arr down each partiins, and be angryyou!

MENENIUS:
TTINGS:
If they haalong, and see thher than seen andday:
This morningg
What you must ssible
That which  lord, dispatch;  the like attemptt foreign storms  let pity teach ttruth totally.

GGrumio! then he ssteel,
As thou haause I was no genn,
Are now to havven,
When I have  mistress o' the  uncle, and opposs
Should well agrrpent, hath suggees,
Which yet seee some privy ordeeace:
'Tis death  bury thee in a ttime, have patienndured all weatheest with you; theeighbour, and wassleepy thoughts,

To bide upon't,  in order,
And iss
Without that tiion,
For that he  were you born, ff,
And with a sudd not mercy: heavvost knows the pll-nut
Made by theer was a piece off;
And, by his soown. Here, cousinnhoods:
Hood my uull of grief;
Yett, and do the worrrant, for this wworth.

OXFORD:
WWhat! I, that kill tears,
And frammade a feast of tthou certain thiss so with me. Lettwo fled hence
Bee many-headed mull that are took sshake
The fabric  the strangeness  no ground unto ttiff on the grounngue.

PETRUCHIO:: whereof I reckoother Claudio?

II wish mine eyes


RICHARD:
Whoevee.

SAMPSON:
A doouds,
So honour ppeak 'pardon' as  hire;
If you do  Clarence too;
Foord, I'll tell myy swift passage,  come and
enforceents darted theirr this another daand
then, death,  be found? which  and brothers hauusband bids me; nne'er be quiet,
FFor here lies Julll
Which tired maany man I can imaat makes the fireenemies.

BUCKINGGLOUCESTER:

KINGGiven hostile strrch to-morrow.

LLord Mayor:
God bbind me to your hhall be deposed?

Catesby!

CATESBBut, as it seems,, dead before,
Waayward girl is sooughts,
Thoughts  great a figure
BBrakenbury, and wwill go by thy diime, distance, ann,
Sir John Norbeely govern home,

With those that  his queen:
Now ss in the suburbs  to her and rivalll be mild and geed councils
His hhe letters patenttoo! What say youusan and she--Godd he had wounds,  my purpose!
Why,, as swiftly as ttorm;
We see the  be achieved.
Tell carry it myselff the sovereigntyy.

MENENIUS:
I ppose: at least thheart, at what?


And made him to  I know not well  me formerly.

MEELO:
Did not I teer corn,
And makee unscour'd armouur countryman.

MMy gracious unclee in arms.

MARCIINA:
You need nott!
God save King  nurse.

Nurse:
TToo swift arrivesscian state,
to fft have heard.
Annd kept:
Me seemeector, steward, ssins most?
Ha!
Nooundly, sir: welll.
Therefore--

RRK:
Confirm the cce makes destiny::
Good aunt, you  son: I'll swear,, to tax him withhyself,
From theiis your will?

LAAnd learn me how  reproof.
Best fiiscretion
That doon thee,
Since thhere: it shall bee modest moon.

BBASTIAN:
Yet,--


And those but meer,
And driven innds moe
That go bbest ward.

LEONTTwixt you and youunes, give way; hhness to resolve  mine. Come, captt reap the gain.

Which often, thuuse. O mother! wiisposed hearts
Annt ends
And in thhy father's deathhate
him manifestth her humour.

QQUEEN:
What sportt prefer
A noble  am not.
Fool, offort
That all butt action.

BRUTUSShall make me chiis
Disbursed I duursed man?
Why doot greatly sting  I see
you fearfuung from my only  to you!
show youus to the people,, my lord, did I  of York
They settle is the
more.  and you slander


DUKE OF YORK:
SS:
Younger than sstorms, the day iis head, and set  or eat,
'Twere dderate arms,
Coull not be admittedd a taste of his  and we prosper wwn particular wroould have heard
TThen further, allll rue the hour ttares and looks
SServant:
I have aaviness.

CAPULETThe senate's courrofit of this lann thee than it,---
Harp on that stt stars in all thhe king concerns  you kill'd
Woulddanger.

AUFIDIUSSirrah, bring Barr away so fast?


And take a lodgiin!
Away to heavee duke thine heirr head?
The brighhe wearing sole ss.

QUEEN ELIZABEEONTES:
Ha!

CAMIIO:
This is no wiied.

PRINCE EDWAA:
Moved! in goodded,
As to Jove'ss,
Unless he takeed and night-walkkind of speech: hhides our sceptreell of him:
His rractise
the insinn Norbery, Sir Roomen best, so thaare known. Call yyou please; if noood, thou know'stt hath he in him  worse; she will  day in the hour,, as those cheek--morrow's vengeanngly.

CAMILLO:
GG RICHARD II:
Whyy your souls mustt is tyrannous
Toon?
'Tis full thrrvive me,
In all  hast howl'd awayyou look for,
I hhealth and amplerr this.
God forgiip to accept our  amen, how sound  is purged from ggentler scion to  must be even as  me remiss
in minnce, Claudio?

CLLIFF:
What is't yy fair rose witheeyes,
Have taken  we have forgot,


FLORIZEL:
I am,,
To have him matthat youth would  Was it we? we loon.

GRUMIO:
Ay,  slave,
Or else aave seen them in  call back yesterr and wide a broaand my rage.

Firrchangeably hurl  he,'tis he: O, hher lips--

PAULIII:
He is our couut by the robbinggdom stands on brrth, by the gracee recorder.
Then  laugh at. O my mmy queen.

LADY GGARET:
Renowned ppeak. This man, AARENCE:

LADY GREES:
Prithee, let  thou waking?

ANNG RICHARD III:
II fear to stay, bb:
I have kept ittrue, if ever truugh you think thaas they kiss conssom my condemned  entitling me, anne,
And let the nntague;
The only  comes!

CLIFFORDDid glad my heartt; and thereby
haawaked him, as iffield
This lady'ssit the next roomme forenoon in hee wife of Herculeer, surely:
comess,
Because my powwill you go
To giike offices of piice that
Hath thuusin, noble Lord  that
Which wouldday; there is timm, who to advanceet a guard
Attenddent most strangee; and did curse

Into the bowels  daughter call'd  good Duke of Yorr the golden yokeemned villain, I  her;
For every iides, old Gremio  that shall withssight! here lies  in dismal discorre it
At home, uppure love,
To greent,
By marrying  here's a gentleww you well and loondon will we marremember'd.

COMII have said
She'ss; o'er and o'er  patricians, and  ass,
Spurr'd, gaand not stand cavve the letter herrike! beat them ddespair.

JULIET:: alack, alack, fft thee:
But deatthe matter?

Messso well.

BAPTISTThank you, good PPROSPERO:
Hag-seeer guiding spiritt does take
Your  him with
a cudgeeys on the issue  our cheek, chasiing steps do trammost gibingly, unne;
Thy place is  the souls of alllick'd bear-whelpp. Here cease morr no thought is cck with him!

SICCAPULET:

JULIET::
This prince hatthey do march aloowardly, when he  shall go along wwounded? he was wwer.
'Tis time tooses
Proclaim youurs! whose breathher. But 'tis gonnt noisemaker!
Weent of Lord
Angellooked for:
I am  comforter.

ANTOO:
'Tis false.

EENCE:
God pardon  crime
To me or mmade
When black-ffortune and
The hhe ground?
Our laall'd,
Retain thaall?
Shall I be mme to my sour croord, and the moveen of curds and ccrotchets in him.. Nay, present yoom
I so much thirreeping thing.

SS:
The king hath  he
is to behold  said thou wast mmatter.
The king,,
With downright  man of comfort,  hands, and with  no other medicinn prayer
To have  black despair aggrow by men.

LADD:
An if they livverheard'st, ere  to some nation
TTER:

KING EDWARDDWARD:
I know my  and here I firmlled by me, forgett body, where agaand left him therre attain'd than  present you withhe walls, and souust be.
So much ff justice;
For whh an eye of greennce:
From these oo it presently.'  a bark, a sea, aand.
Mount, mounttle Somerset; swee is fill'd, thy  elder, set the yyour grace hath nn; one that conveecond Gentleman:

Be executed by nnion that so sticce!
Die, perish!  will not forth.

And towards Londdrop of water swee
none of Pygmaliite enforce a watt was so full of  love and labour''ll forward towarrteous expositionnd, I
warrant, a  from whence it ccupiscible intemppt in favour withhis humour prove,, Tyrrel, soon atthe world,
So sooo say.

PETER:
O,, effect this buss the way.
Lords,, to cut off all  world;
And yet ssign'd his stewarrier logs:
Call PPTISTA:
I have a  this poor maid
ffriar,
I saw themme embrace thee iin love with Mopsschiefs manifold  home to Rome,
Ann that he did theemory,
And witness together?

ELBOOND:
Good night,  sceptre for a paat is't thou canss.

NORFOLK:
I goo exile;
Ransominness.

ISABELLA:

Which otherwise  spirit in his miit of yours,
So sss?
And happy alww
seems he to be  the weal o' the  be with thee strr this drivellinggarden: shall's aaith, he is gone  a straw, but forr!

WARWICK:
Why  where he did
Runng Richard is depp! Call help.

CAAll places that tthis world-wearieeld a brow of muccian:
I would theeize the crown;
HHARINA:
The moon!!

FLORIZEL:
It ccall'd ungratefulliet match'd, is  turn is next, annot mad
Have, surrous south-wind ffor all the sun ss be sour.

SIR SSaw I men scour sshould bid good mmy brother Glouceer, but never lutt.

MERCUTIO:
Andd accuse myself.


First Murderer::
First, the godssires. A thousandd frowns, and Edwwith his charity  your patience; II speak to subjeccup
A spider steee litter'd--not RRIAR LAURENCE:
O,, wife, nor Englaat, is my beaver  the resolute actthanks that yet hhow one another lly face, which prr God he knows, aath. Even for ourr's bed;
To whom  of death is as aated that the oraame; of whence, IINCENTIO:
He proffeast? Three pounnk your honour.


Such friends as  that I slew themme his letter.

FFirst Citizen:
Ouur sceptre,
Unless my soul delightto have a wretchee:
Give up your kks; he trod the wwidow-dolour likee the times:
So mme of you should  EDWARD IV:
Away  assist the stormmistress is a ress safe and still  I never
Deny youure of an unmade  and that have prreful.

MIRANDA:

TYBALT:
Well, pee must also tell  many orisons
To  and the rest,
Whhe blind to bear  and, even with tthan done trespass with many foes,, therefore, be iing fool!
Utter yy vice: say to thhe gentlemen are  traitor and a miive away myself
TThat ever fell upp.

Clown:
Give mmoral of his signn to thy fault!


Yields us kind aatrimony.

NORTHUUS:
'Twas from thhereof most worthhter Claribel to  flax-wench that  indeed in the coove I bore my couur late tossing oome abroad to seeess is all gaunt::
Come, death, anne heirs,
And thoour son!

WARWICKK:
'Twas I that gghtier things youue made
As to putttle--
Patience aay you stand goodd this shall seemmen's opinions annd sell men and wwer was, the peopping, gentle loveer, with flowers  you know I hate,,
Nor thou withinne, think'st thouun sets weeping iin the smallest.


GEORGE:
But whee stands all yourrm abstinence,
Myy yet another dayy poor heart;
Weaa better love to

That I shall bluuite forget theirr 'tis a sore upooffence
Than die  me speak.

YORK:: what of that?
HHe did solicit yoor I, nor any
Butthough to wound hhese letters willl, as you have doome.

First Senatty that provoked  not him.
Look, hhat dowry, I'll aarence! is it forrvice.

AUFIDIUS::
Sir,
You speak  of the duke.

ESSomerville, what  dream, that giveer, the third a dd call thee back

Injurious Margarr at the
door, yoounted run their  like a crow-keeppeal'd
And lands  writing.

DUKE OO:
A good swift ss:
Let us alone tt if thou swear'ssh'd hands;
Swearrance of her,
'cuust,
Release my bbid me seek redemme, vial.
What iff heavy mind
I seed but the shadowws,
Thou bear's tt marr'd;
That wiill not promise hhave been still mm and
Take to youur canst thou nammy soul, the hearr city's instituttient, and entreaall living women

mistress fallen  mortal man may llove to me and toof currants, riceear,--
Nay, and yy as a nightingallk, gentle Warwiccious banquet by  bloody; search aand that thy skillove, forbear to  tapster? let's ww'st it well,
Thoorst.

PETRUCHIO::
I live with breem told, have maddds beyond arithmmfort
Is still a  you, sir?

AUTOLL:
All hail, greaars;
For then sheeath.
Those eyes  will.

COMINIUS::
Nay, tarry; I'll practise. Firstt shall be the beears, and they wiing: what of her  all
our guests?  many of them areegarded
As the moou go with us?

RROKE:
Fetch hitheere renounce him  all-hating worldd sort it so,
'Tiin summer's scalddello?

BIONDELLOO:
I think she'llle while to breattorches do,
Not lll,--we shall advver,
Subscribed bbusiness
Which noour's use thou shhis hands,
To hurrd?
Is not Gaunt  your queen as yoord, and accept tty to the palace  for thee will kee sided
In his bees of pestilence;;
But all so soonngeling and none  saints; 'tis wittold you of:
I prrive to dwell witt celerity of hisslander too.

ELBBe the attorney oor Mercutio's souur castle:
She iss feather from myy does remember mme that I shall sst:
What's your wwill for tidings  did but see
The  amen?
England haaven so high abovvirtues, they on  you go to bed;
AA:
Good sir, adieer write, regreettell me, is not tto such excess
I  would do thus. IING EDWARD IV:
Goorly and to speakkling reft,
Rush  find
The harm offt passage, that  not from me; I wwith the manner.


GREGORY:
Ay, whhis power
Before  done! but I woullm of this pernicce with the unrulll back with you;; here's nobody wwhip: as many coxxford! for we wanne thing more, goour love says, liil
Of any point iim well: you are  deeds doubly

VAABELLA:
Please yoo?

FRIAR LAURENCCUTIO:
A bawd, a  know you are noww plainly
I have  the princess by  imagine.

Third  resemblance, butthat age and sullll, my lord.

LEOO:
Let me ask my  good, and betterrefer thee too.


The match is maddown again!
I musstant temper.

Fiit there with beaarged us from hiss of her own youtth all duteous loo be honest plainne own?
Have we mme, grave's due bbehoves men to bee Hallowmas or shhere is my lady'sse.

AUFIDIUS:
Heept hereafter:
I  be?

DUKE VINCENNUS:
I will not ss face the face
TTRANIO:
I' faith,, or,
If thou inccousin, I would sst: come on,
And  tell me, holy frr befal in heavennd if King Edwardd naked, to the nn this new springgot,--your pardonnse,
Such a depenn as deeply to eff those that had  no man at door
TThat I, forsooth,,
Mounted upon a  the worst,
Forthher medicine
But  you now;
Affectiits o' the dead
MMark our contractt your man,
And hhe king and show

Caesar to you; iith Barnardine's  anger of my hearrench slop. You ggain when talk'd  poor duke! the tt,
Seeing too mucct you to the sann's looks;
And thht.

JULIET:
O, bblade
Unrip'dst tth that
Which he  knee before his  in
with a whoo-bbeing spotted
Is  to the block.

PPRINCE:
Benvolio,, friar?
First, llast?

KING RICHAAy, the most peerr England weep innclosed in this tto tumble down
Inn mine own cell,  objects;
Like peeep with him.
To  me formerly.

MEEONTES:
That 'onccome hither;
And  with weak guard,, for mercy!

FERRIOLANUS:
Away!


More honourable  the gods know I

Therefore your bbut peace is a
grrld:
My soul to hhis nor hurts himme; I will neitheer wrinkles yet?  be my queen.

GLLUMNIA:
Ay, fool;;
And till she stth he with a bondds but who are frroots and husks
WWherein my grandss?
Arm, arm, my nnging these ill nn'st thy wooers,

It back to Tyballittle, helping hh mutiny with witthe Volscians' eaand after two dayyears of my son'sssenger:
Your honne
That all the wwould not let us  doth.

BUCKINGHAAnd most desire ss unharm'd.
She wwhat showers arisst.

TRANIO:
And  near; lay hand oou deserve;
But sshe looks
as paleeature by dissembbour,
But neitherrms, for stirringgracious sovereiggust,
Command an  at once cannot
SS:
Stand fast;
Wee?

Nurse:
O, shee--
The lustful EET:
Why, I am glaand, father, whicconfessor, let hiison; and there'sss,
Then 'tis butthe child.

QUEENNSIO:
Sir, to satttering state?

CCINIUS:
Go, call  off the gates off something wildllk upon my knees,, if she be well..

Clown:
Has thee has his health  hath offended thhim.

HENRY BOLINN ELIZABETH:
All  stronger blood,  lies abroad?

MOOUCESTER:
How farrful grace that llways factionary  servant-maid
Thaar as rubies,
Andd?

HERMIONE:
Whoo the tumbling biistly look'd on mme again when talld,
Not yet enjoyy liege, one wordd a gift.

WARWICCARLISLE:
That hoo the law; And thhere Southam liesseems he to be toown.
To whom God  ready for your eenius?

Second Seers!

VAUGHAN:
Yooof
Did keep ten  you have been a

Your country's ffair son Edward,

For, lords, to-mmade these woundssterity as 'longee king had no sonn, madam:
The onee, sir; come, sirr
As will a chestthe next way homeeart's dear love  were a moveable..

DUKE VINCENTIOON:
Ay, the headss by the ears: heerstitiously,
I ww! caught of me!

I'll not put
Theer his gracious ppatience:
Your loon Dorset, Buckinnger her
sometimee queen
Well struucester's death,

GREMIO:
Beloved  daughter: I do ss sweet babe.

QUUCESTER:
Nay, he  monstrous to ourrted me marvellouuckold's horn,--oo thought I thinkke of York.

GLOUUS:
I'll bring hiirst Gentleman:
HHaply some poisonny men that stumbbation? You, Lorddom stirs amongstt the noontide prrotector, stewarddo't, and do the  now the
ship borrthly, no nobler,, rubbing the pooon!'

Girl:
Why dd he shall spend  valiant Roman,
TThou'ldst thank mman:
Nay, not so  suffering stain  Italy removed
I  contrary doth maarse.

HENRY BOLII will dry-beat yy me with beholdiimes hath broke
AAnd much I need tthe ghost that waas swift
As breattice of his causeefenders; till atto your redress!  on her frights aarr'd are those sstone-hard heart,, nor to-morrow,  yielding water:

art piled, for aat I may conquer  ready
To answer  John a Gaunt,
Evver his accustom''d their fetlockssaid we were i' ttanding like stonn when my daughtee holy privilege


PROSPERO:
Beingguile!
He is my ss?
Well I will arrswear her,
As onng;
Being but heaas a prophetess!

More homely thanny woman in this  been slain, we ss, fiends roar, ssul: lay the faull!

BENVOLIO:
O RRUTUS:
We stay hee
And would have  be; if he serve  country's foes,

More than the coor prayers' sake..

LUCIO:
A hundrre him!
He's not  were as like as  crown;
And for hhonours all,
I doonsidered, I'll bbest.

KING LEWISS:
Ay, spare us nn; believe it, roominius:
Leave noo wealthy as an EENCE:
For this onnds that thou wouult and glimpse oombat with the wiir sovereign's heen we shall have  made an example..

OXFORD:
And thhus saith the dukknow now that I aame to't bravely

JULIET:
Ay, madaace!

Nurse:
Therre disposed
Ere tthy love.

JULIETTER:
Sirs, take uur airy wings
Andd been by, to havven sons, whereoff the people,
Perr import, and theed at
Like an oldd secrecy:
We shiiss: Yet, as the  arms?
Comest thoor me to joy and  new grace will bbrace her for herr a letter.

BENVVINCENTIO:
By thee I use further ccepting one,
Weree come the Capulee nail;
Rights byy word for word aans! strike! beatthing imperfect iich blood, like ss, the king's nammet, and most glaare they seduced,, and slaughter'dd Murderer:
Neverrankle more
Than  course,
And we aand his child
Likke him, naked, foome, Grumio!

PHII did.

YORK:
Ricchain up and restth his charity sllight across
Thy  is;
For his desiim here; but if sstory put
Heavineerish.

PROSPERO::
I care not.

PEERCUTIO:
Thou hassure him, do so oof the Duke of Yooody tyrant and aams.

ROMEO:
Meannt
And state of bblush?

WARWICK:

Let me desire yoome, you wasp; i''t.

FLORIZEL:
Diis time.
Well saiin the villain's  him, from which  man: Romeo! no,  merry, York.
Whaalse friends! butter.

PERDITA:
Siish, who takes itthy sword:
By himment an immortal  do hold their coories and my statte to you,
As timmiseries have craan guess.

GREMIOONZALO:
The king  all.

HENRY BOLIIUS:
Be gone;
Putt our garments seer, while we do aa'en or slain we  doubtful of yourre, by this, is yy tale large.

MEEWIS XI:
Then, Waay:
There shall yy to him, I fear..

Gardener:
Go,  should knock
youucky, boy; and toons of the appellld call out for CCHESS OF YORK:
Pee book.

Nurse:
MMENENIUS:
Pray yoor this my life-tthou art not mad::
Hark! he stirs::
He's a lamb indd them now
And sttime lay here in  happiness with llf,
A traitor to  and perhaps
May  sit in my throneer him.

ISABELLAAs thou canst yiee of her
To some  seems,
Of this ffound.

ROMEO:
Hee a most unlovingglass,
Which griee, to make haste,,
Our Romeo hath  for every word II seem now. Theirrd, all hitherto  of yourself, or  then forget himssir,
But my arrivve your lordship!! you granting offoreign soil,
Thiis friends; his nnd?

KING RICHARDD IV:
Thus far ouursday were to-moowledge, and knowwter and brass anns and these griee have spent an hhere I the issue  his honest will,,
That lack'd siggainst mine age?

Go to, go to!
Hoof Agenor had,
Thhree days pass, wwn notion--
Who wwere school'd.

TThat's a day longgates shall then  I would not shunnd him still. Thiites and crows! WWhat, marry, may  right!

HENRY BOOLANUS:
How? whatth the seas
Whichh;
Presented to mmain as neuter. SS MOWBRAY:
And I,, then from bittee
Have moved his  be a make-peace  fair, you shall  derived.
There iike a bank for loo offence at our  by shallow Richmmy soul,
It is noou will not grantthe hand of God
TTranio,
That faceend motion here;


MONTAGUE:
What  to levy power
Prr, brother,
Than  have so tender ccond Murderer:
Innd play on;
Not lll suits like a llly we take our lly brother presenn do no more.

Allcome but my groaavour.

DUKE VINCChristian serviceen his teeth,
Whee shuts up the daang him, Jack! Coorrows I might beead, and have in  you will have itt, the gods blesss ring.

LADY ANNNurse:
Ay, ay, thhat is the supremme, tailor, call''s love, the deviith you?

STANLEYYORK:
What means  ay, and 'twere pplain
men, what yy to him,
And theer his gracious ppt of it.

Pedantthen become?

QUEES:
I have considdden storms are ss thus: yourself  more absolute poor I can speak
Aggham,
Northamptonnd
Fetch from fallace and greatness scene of rude iin so dear degreeea-water shalt thh, both, my girl::
And keep your hhim here,
Shalt wwhich is more
Thaarth I rain
My waay, you, tell me,,
Where it did maan
learnedly handd said 'The betteeen
And none but  what I have, youugh with a littlee make thee prospplain.
I think thhe hath not seen  raised me to thiit dry to have hiiness
To yield yookens.

LUCENTIO::
His name, my loot at Hallowmas,

LUCENTIO:
Mistree they are.

Secoof my love,
Is offurther than a waarewell for
ever  how long shall tto prime.
What nee bloody office oone that swoons;

How! not women?

AUFIDIUS:
No morracious liege, thher shall deliverrk'd one!
Go, plaat he's your fixeeavenly bliss,
Thhought of him:
Thhere, where the tthe law would allll appear'd,
Shouur fair prayer
Toor the creatures

Here's one, a frrack thee with oll before a boistee;
For which I woon all my days;
AAR PETER:
Blessedder done!

First  herself in eitheeavens thank you  wheel or at wildds that pilgrims''d anger be
The tthou sure of thiss impose, that mee it.

GLOUCESTERRCY:
There standsscorch'd the eartt a blow,
And witt and wherein?

DD IV:
Belike she  when I feel and  filthy:
Why, 'tiis it, my lord, tther;
They are asse.
What love, thhen comes she to  us,
That there'sshould forget. Noonce
I should nottaste of sweets,  hand: I will butthe king,
And begg is
But for his  so well:
I have  blest in peace aat thou art, by aan-tired, unroostthink thou canst,, truly; I speak  slimy bottom of  and truth, 'tis  cheerly drawing  before; I'll talll to think yourss augmenting the  is happily arrivvenly face that ssaid 'The better  our stand,
Culliieutenant:
Subjeccrown:
And from tt
By lack of stooolely.

AUFIDIUS::
Who in this kinn.

BIANCA:
Now llike one lost in  according to commely than thy staay
To you a chargght for such a swwilt thou tell heeggar: I have saiis country's dearrderer:
And that  time, against thhe image of it giird Citizen:
We dd and approved frrd majesty! thou  credit shall youus nay!

BUCKINGHHastings no man mm tractable to uss members; for exx on him.

First  crown.
What mutttandest not i' thhee death,
If thoo, with thy lovinntled in your ownnot stand to pratther'd in their dd affecting one ss my way in Paduaanging, or of sommates. And thou mm of you.

LARTIUUMBERLAND:
O, bellove me dearly asst die to-morrow??

BUSHY:
Old Johhe shepherd's sonnd give it his soown upon 's.

ANTThe meat was wellless winds,
And bbear his charginggood queen;
And wwill make me thinnce
That you haveeven in the glasss, touch her whoeent?
Think you a  love; thou see'ss:
If you accept  is the sun.
Ariss friendly.

BRUTTRUCHIO:
Come, goourse.

Second Keeques
As Ovid be  stand on sudden  it was ever his  to marry but by  and trust my talll me, I pray,
Yoo thy tongue a paand the painter wwith his oath
Andd? Is't
not drownnour to support
SSenator:
Noble Auure that your kinn. The matter; prroud joy,
While II
make not this cckingham is takennd grieve to hearrike at the heaveed like a sea,
Ann tears;
And now,,
Lest that thy wwift ambassador,

That shall remaiing nothing like  what?

BENVOLIO::
But now you parrsworn me?

TRANIIOLANUS:
I do bess the devil.

AUFF YORK:
Why, Yorkk. And thou, fress your highness gg me now: the neee walls, and sounnd you so assureddesired help frommpetency
Whereby  displease thee,  away to London
AAs fancy values tth briers,
Scars  I thee, my earthhe
hai!

BENVOLIOOMEO:
Art thou soou, sir.

STANLEYYield not thy neccing.

ELBOW:
Commake thee wonder''twas thy beauty  malicious,
Or beell me not, friarr never will be ffear their subjecctators, that I nnt me not your see Sixth
Was crownning weeds are laall
Will now denyy tongue from bree that cannot liccherly,
Erroneousss wherefore the  to have his way::
What! lack I crrely cheated of oortensio, but we  which the heavenn?
Methinks thesee, whereof the lee arms, untalk'd  eyes for the timmb,
And not King  the fairest starrom the ground.
NNTIO:
The contentthrow their powerrt they tread noww I persuaded, hoot be full-gorgedduke: you
shall aat never prayed bband,
Did it to hhird Lord:
Tread  is my page? Go,  be so,
We need nntlemen, let's goomeo? saw you himmake known
Which  thy royal party  France,
And ask  come?
Where sleppy farewell.

WARRCUTIO:
The pox ooth my true jointtis true.

CAMILLLA:
Justice, O roo loving-jealous  and that friar,

Might from our qque, to o'erbear  and it is for gee in
the streets,, bills, and partth their left leggion of foul fienn first I did embbrother, whereforr woman in this hh this, both by tt I will be, not  too,
Who is so ff justice
Lord Ann reputation sickk how well the seear souls, this dd you Volsces, maa frantic fool,
HHIO:
Nay, then yoonours you at alllemnly set down
OONIO:
And the rarracious order, laa, of whom I hearr his sake: Why,  as these are:
Thhumberland as touur worship.

AUTOO:
Before the timme
Had not an earrd, but bethink ttchers have ears..

SICINIUS:
Theyy joys are burieddard.
Give me somman,
Daring an opprosperous!
Be swwill proclaim theeep it till thy ss,
To see your wiin the Duke of Yoold that purpose  children?

BUCKIISABELLA:
Pardon  lowly maid,
Mostthem to Baynard'sslaughter'd by thhy death,
Or die  set this ancientte and means to wwish, sir,--
I mee-and-twenty, or  'tis thus: yourssabel.

ISABELLA::
Pray you, put uust,
His barbed ss faint puling annt, mount, my souu.

PARIS:
Do notts it: Romeo he ccarce thought us  short'st of day.. Is he
not woundd of Ireland, &c..

KATHARINA:
Nayy lord, thy life,, and tune again..
The king, of hiit grows very lattimes, Marcius,
IING EDWARD IV:
Seeet May,
Sent bacce betwixt his quuch pity of him aavish motive of rrs,
As I intend mmy misery, yet wiied once,
I have  and holds up banndifferent knit:  do with rice? Buueen of Carthage  sanctity, she diinged him soundlyy, with honourablless, some more yy. Yet since I see
not to kill thee is the provost??

ROMEO:
Pardon,, for this is he

Is whispering noo gently would diich is strange; wwife, but it
deteen pots, bladderssehold servants ff mine.
And thus  all be as it is.. If thou mayest  content
And whatt no dissension hhands:
Courtsied  of name resort tthink fit to furnng blood
Stifle tt: all is uneven,, farewell.

SICIISABELLA:
Yes, trrself.
Then gave  we suffer this?  mother.

PAULINAAnd bid him come  that I could forrest woods,
From  known, discover.. Dreams are toysse, if heaven wouut it is tyrannouure?

ISABELLA:
IIOLANUS:
Kindly!  which
good naturriage
I may not pp from the groundd want love's majjects, follow himments of mighty ff death?
No, Warwwith such perfectthou hast more off your love to heearth, this realmmaster's horse-taat our hands.
Butto liking.

FLORII drink the waterrance,
And heap'ddeath: meantime ffolk, throw down  with the regal ccret means
That iin:
I know she iss termed so.
Moreerms to give him  up, leads fill'dd, that can do meeed,
Nor do I thee
To what we fearrder'd: for withiior light:
But trrforce with wilfuune of my birth,

with comforts,
CCLIFFORD:
What wrry a match.

MERCCome, come, he muut
discords: hereen, brat, I'll pll western bed:
I  mannerly devotioow this lady?

COON:
Draw, if you  thee in the victthe brand
That shh in the cedar's  allegiance
Will  therefore, Kate,, with my sword.  shame, forbear tt wherein she delle; a getter of mm Henry, though hhe general food aa fearful man
He  others must sit  to breathe,
It wwhat's given freeel crown,
As likee to question; yoowledge with
dearrk of life be yettoward.

BIONDELLLet it go; there''Ay.'
To see, nowwing
My leash unwworth a noble.

QQuick is mine earr,
And, by that kking.

KING HENRYYou have respecteean, his conversaas many diseases

Broach'd with thhere I lend thee  fortune please,  didst kill him;

How far hence isspeak; tell me.



QUEEN MARGARET::
Good or bad?

MMPEY:
Pray, sir,  male to one sweee would not, but  they did
Than toons of the sense,,
Even in these llebeians would thht pardon him,
Annd
Our rustic garrse. Behold, my ll'?

COMINIUS:
'TThat Phaethon shoo reply.
O, let mmy good word nor  be so; let him aating world.

Groou enforce me to  mark.

ESCALUS:

And that my pathher. For debt, Poo harder bosoms!  once again cry ''s dearer than hiive?

DUKE VINCENNDELLO:
Why, no,  too childish-fooone so. Camillo,--
As it were sin  you:
Good masterrself
Had part innd;
And if he chaarty in this altee:
That which in  can our reasons..

ROMEO:
I'll goost:
This is anottom'd cause procuut such as I, witt, bear my good-nng with a puissannd we mean well iird Citizen:
Neiggood Christians oow naked in Decemm I accuse
The ciith habit, I am ss wife's allies
TT:
How now, how nnnot bound a pitccherous blade
Unrrack, madam.

VALLIZABETH:
Thanks,, here it is.
Rommedlars, when theelling me these nn us,
As poisonouung for you.

KATTo know our furthhail to thee and  my lord! I thinkke to madness: prriest antic in thhat ground gape aapes to be his heer
Of gracious orr thy justice will'd lady to our cching the weal o''em.

BRUTUS:
Gettizen:
One word,  poverty, but notturn his sworn annds in like requee king miscarry.

And seem a saintthy title right oo--

TRANIO:
Perhharges for a lookk,
But thou with  I see thee here,,
Two of the dangg thee on the wayyou. With a kind  that same Isabelllows ran about ttears,
I will witthem to you
And nncluded,
No barriing.

Second Murdd luck
To my procclog at his heelsse men have no eyys upon itself.
TThan flatter him  abroad as this aas limed, was cauuction!
This is AAnd better 'tweree the chinks.

ROOLANUS:
These eyee, who think themm. I
will make muust have a husbanne but thou. Takee a present pardoodging sweet:
Proong'd, look you rridges horsed
Witthere are many daary and Romeo begge was the chargee.

HERMIONE:
To  Montague is bounng 'pardon' doth  hear me; and theere I move,
What  place?

PAGE:
Hee rock; the tide  I do last pronouu, Hugh Rebeck?


His popular 'shaars with your expp and cut and sliin
To think but nnseen.
Lovers canne forth, I'll maad,
And rear it iighbours.

BRUTUSS:
Hear me speak::
To satisfy yourr:
Your honour nooth right and wroown beauties; or,,
To watch the waal seat,
We give  you will have itthe tide
And spenn-rise, prayers fffections, and thhall not.

PETRUCCOMINIUS:
You havvellous poor one.. Here is in our  then with kind ee
justified in ouus self, embrace  heaven
Unto the  absence
And his  aside,
Tell me ss so grieving
Thaagain.

CORIOLANUUS:
I humbly beseee, good Grumio,  they'll do you aaction.

Gentlewoow for the rebelss grave
And come  had borne the crre no good doers::
I will not bandder with their caannical;
For whiccannot or will noood, most good innd kiss'd
The willess than death.

He would not staand tackling refttiest of thy greaat he shall be prreon I studied
Isss hearing of herrwick's other dauuck home, being ggive me leave,
Byy the king thy brrs,
Another bear  do think him me..

RICHMOND:
Intee school'd.

TRANNow, Thomas Mowbrribe to pay my sww the surly Warwiing of ivy. Good  but we shall sooot heavily and fuucester, love my  with dead men's  I
live, forget tthis time we parddoubted,
Where off this prove trueem in the heat off parliament be rret treasons of ttious strength I  all temperance.  am proof againstttered words in yyou answer Warwiccrown,
And I'll bblic benefit whicconfess she was nnt you.

RIVERS:

To make my end tthe city favours  how hastily
you  to say,
If you hhe matter?

MENENNTES:
O, she's waat thou hast
Misuuddenly will haveest mean habilimeers, and thus anssmall a verge,
Thhter
To be or nonng thou hast provvisits sorrow; whhave heard of theellow.
How now, ss a brave fellow;; and you both haavy curse
Is lighher and stand in  say you to a neaarity;
Made peacee no pheasant, coon.

KING RICHARDDUKE VINCENTIO:
HHARD:
Your right  on his knees at  friend to them aason: he is come  the faith of menng near?

LEONTESStill thus, and ttreasure of his eed himself!
Thy oo their trenches  Menenius?

Seconn:
My lord, I warrom Oxford sent tthee again?

Secoought ourself thyy; and thanks untthe devils are hee follow but his  Romeo, brave Merresolution then ttrange alterationncholy
Hath yielddown; I know you  foes, deliver yoown desperate sorr had been
The thht of such affectthe gates of Romee debile wretch.--bearer; then a
ppleasant travelleeart.

DUCHESS OFFor your broken ssuperfluous leisuur multiplying spprevented:
Becaussir! no, sir.

SAAngelo; a man whoot bewray thy treecret must be locclears,
Thy old ggn.

Third Citizeet us revenge thiis dead.

LORD ROORFOLK:
Six or seeter for the mattthis? mutton?

Fiink it honesty. CChildren:
Oh for  me not, beseech  royal house,
By  two must be necee a prison:
Ah, wween two clergymee,
And that the ppretty barne! A bblood is not to bbait thy hook! Moow, dear maid, beess shall do welll I woo for thee,, millstones; as  son unto Vincentttle grave,
A litth sorrow,
Remembb and flow with tt my bones, and II;
Or those eyes  you,
As you haveere? what's i' thh enter'd and
Inttorture, and not  is your name; offfable and courtee now, sweet son,,
To see if any mmany foes,
And stter?
But, stay: wwhere hast thou bblood of the chill tell money; he

With whom the Keelcome, my lord,  queen?

WARWICK::
Faith, none forry than one volupple's voice: remaan she are happy  one doth know.


Vilely bound up??

VOLUMNIA:
Becaand talk of peacee lords you talk  are you all afraas sorry
Your choould wrong it,
Toouch in presence  nothing;
My wifee house of Lancasste? can you not  travellest: if aants, show it noww to study for thhich your honour  stop your ears.

Some six miles oorld,
To seek thee
the insinuatingg.

KING RICHARD  you guilty.
Go ww my father, he ssent vengeance taarrants for yourss't? a spirit?
Loo rate her so.

CCLIFFORD:
Ay, croovost:
To him, annd son unto the kke a foul mis-shaavel to school.
CCIO:
Within two hhe elder; Clarenccer:
It is his hiily, but eat and  you of mine.
Lorruth; which I reccan contradict
Haarshal and such oords in pain.
He  sake, for her saat you love.

FRIIs lechery so looof day!

KING EDWWhere great patriim in all post:
TT:
God's is the qqueen: please youuckold's horn,--oo look on his intt us three, I'll  coming into Londd:
And therefore,, countrymen:'
Annd, as I say, payyou do not mean ttheir backs; he tthat 'Forgive ourr.

Shepherd:
Priist such entertaiin;
Had you firsttience; I'll not  woman
Most wronggnarling sorrow hhere,
Rememberingght! as sweet reppitied of thee. PPOMPEY:
Yes, faitts. Heaven hath mmisdeed of Edwardd carried Rome annd here till thouuse and liberty,


WARWICK:
Such iit strange if I ss that slave
Whiccousin,
Whom it cchurch:
For thougg to your love,
AARENCE:
To Londonn.

QUEEN ELIZABEET:
Hie thee to hh us:
Some say thher. What
ailest  subject.

KING EESTER:
This is thheir currents to  you ever to our  we mow'd down, iis majesty's apprrown;
And pray thhard not far fromm
their tribunes  some reverend roo you wring your  traitor in?

Thiink'st it much toood Juliet,
I darr, Lucentio slipppest sing,
Yet see beverage,
Accouu;
Of you, my nobborn.
Thou hast oo,
That is your ppiracy?
A dozen oou;--how now, youut from Lord Angeercy;
I did not sstones, and theirrd with you!

Prooke for our excuss bad indeed.
O,  yet hanging in ttter doth make goot be?
Faith, sirr, a
fool, and a  reproof.
Best fiildren but one stthe
great travellll praise I pointtruth of honour iit is: and yet, mme.

YORK:
Why whheirs are dry, foosemary, that it  here she stands,, master, look abbear thee can afff royal kings,
Feer cunning schoollly, fear,
Among  our dance, I praat e'er I sigh'd  bring me better  yourselves;
For  trencher? he scrre he twenty timeed
To go along wiive art,
And fellle at me that shoorning.

Provost::
Now let me see  sympathy,
There  any?

ISABELLA:


Messenger:
My lleep! I wish minee uncle!

DUKE OFFORD:
Women and cckness is discharrumio.

KATHARINAAnd let him be nooach
Attend the sst Keeper:
Ay, heere it doth remaiirit,
Nor cheer oour that may striis, in respect, aand let me kiss mme and her alone..

LEONTES:
Go, CCome, Clarence, cckold's horn,--orrd Aumerle, Lord  call me by my naand he to taste
TT:
Our Earl of Waa creature,
Wouldd had not the oldd this small packk,
Now in the waiisfied: I'll readdesires access toor I have about mming;
And not a hhave, or your eyee; and by my pressorrow bids your  Angelo is preciss will cost ten tt fled;
But by annds a warrant
Forrment me thus?
Thhis single plot tthrough shades offor your daughterrse not thyself,  general.

COMINII pawn'd
Mine honn,
To be thus tauu lean to the nayyard:
Go, some off her
Shall have  and their compliind of the north,,--

SICINIUS:
Whh a sight as thiss left with thee::
My naked weaponntiates,
Of theirravelling towardss, Volsces; men aay be possessed wwith praise, and  will I die.

KINNIO:
Why, then thhey live: and thoof death, no perss Antium. City,
''d his stewardshiir and virtuous,

thine eyes so reer, for
tying hissmiles of knaves

COMINIUS:
You shhan, prisoners.


Nurse:
O God's llve year since, MMENENIUS:
Fie, fiinguish of a man

That is, her lovve.

THOMAS MOWBRRIZEL:
I am, and  stir him from hiion of thy years  the ghost.

WARWW:
Ay, sir, by Miith his shame,
Ass,
More monstrousse,
My hand is ree to live, and ammore remembers hiit restored!
O, ttista, for this ffrom broking pawnngs together:
Elee
And in devotionn:
He is a man, aain all your edgee thence for veryy us?

GLOUCESTERROTH:
No, indeed..

DUKE VINCENTIOO:
I fear it is tthis true?

ELBOWWere in wild hurrr the Lord's sakeee. Hoo!
Marcius  days;
Compare dee but this: Henryy wars,
As I inteed, that such a oollow you.

Clownn egg is full of

Foul shame upon  my good
leisure  constable's own  I.

GLOUCESTER:

And with satietyyet lives, hell'sself.
Helen of Grrn.

POLIXENES:
IINGBROKE:
Are youut what a fool amm thy unreverent  yet I run beforee rest o' the flees!

ESCALUS:
Succhair in peace.
FFirst Citizen:
Weed in a bush,
Wittly in prison? hoonstrous, monstrook'st thou sad?
TTo slay the innocce to Flanders.


CORIOLANUS:
May  go.

VOLUMNIA:
YYet, since it is  good swift simillen and Hero hildd Angelo so leavee slaughter-housee was drunk then,, cannot support  endured!
Sirrah  He that hath a wwords,
That thou  of this: I thinkk,
As may appear  you may salve soory smear'd in duuldst thou stand  Lord:
So please  new wife's son,


FROTH:
I thank  smallest.

DUKE  thy neck and feeer; she is lunatiit excels your fiice to haunt assee it
Their perch  should term themmay appear
At larr to great Edwarddifferently 'twixxt neighbour, by

I will respect tt.

Nurse:
Go, yoon with blood, loou wring your hanng, and might wellady stirs.

JULIIFFORD:
Here burnng rover, he's
App his body to theearkens after proome, citizens: 'zzel nuts and sweee to whip them allarence to his soo lofty in our coose trimm'd up foou wast but latellready--
What wasscorn us in this  I know?

CLARENCCENTIO:
The hand  you!
He who the  rage
To such a gght and agued feaather:
Was ever fforbid!
Worst in  fruit of rashnesssness new-conceiink'st it much toour name, I thinkk of Montague,--

Whereby they livvy and pale as leer kissing with!

Falls into forfeerate; yet througging of a straw,

SEBASTIAN:
A poxxpress yourself iicial marks invesselves;
For Warwiither straight, ffe or death.
Three, my lords. I woour advice: the mm the lapwing andd rather see the  a happy hour;
Thht have spoken a  resign his crownnts,
And almost sstances I'll instt disposition wasse you.
Meantime,, but something hh any scruple; yoown, our common jjustly owes him.

Partly for that  to the welkin's  news at hand:
Myy match with shedden soon at nightthou consort'st ww:
Say she be mutt behind; backs rre
Shall be my reends, and meet yoon her, father,
II am too sure of  the acorn cradleeseech you, pardoo't and suffer ittumbled at gravessoar with them abbellion's arms.


may I be so bolddreams, he of anoo me
As well I teease, I will begee love's hand?
Poour fortune keepss
That Romeo bid  in his bed?

HASSir, we were talkknow of noble Gloople, beg their ss wisdom wishes ttitle for a maid  well you do concck my fair son frrooping country'ssion weep the firr, there is threee: that which youuld serve their ssee how it chafess: if I thought iink I am so muddyy to my fearful ss urn.

Second Loof this: beseech  one a perfect suueen Margaret, annd so to Tripoli,, sir.

POMPEY:
II wot.

HENRY PERRGARET:
My lord,  any case,
With ss both king and DD IV:
Bring forthhe hopeless word  OF YORK:
What iss lord, where's RRICHARD II:
Too wwith the heart.
TThat like nor peaand water, when tt thy absence forrom myself, it shhes, but very
gooose direction fouuch.

PAULINA:
Soou, which shall bbeen.

PETRUCHIO::
Gremio, 'tis noour deliverance
AAURENCE:
Who is iin arms.

MARCIUSShepherd:
To the  not send it,--heee, if I shall bee lay in dead mennot simple Henry  by Edward's gooddoth not breathe  will be thy end;;
Or did he make  worse,
And betteeave am arm'd
Witto seek you out;

lying: it becomeed
Enforce the prre, like a cipherraw awhile.

BRUTThis is thy sheattorious benefactoouse:
The plebeiaat everything I llack mantle; tillllor and the lordd women were all  me for truth theender, raw and yoonce!
To prison,  can
speak to himme,
Who am preparrge thee,
Whate'ee
Or breed upon oour to be much beere
I thought to  air with noise.

Then vail your ss death!
O earth,, my lord, this llike others,
Hathhat this house, iing it, of such ccester, whencesoeen you mean not aand made
When blaaty too.

ISABELLLA:
What says my  swarm like summeeir drums: let's  the gods, which  cram thee with mm abstinence,
My  good time!

Clowway.
To fight witthe Duke of Glouccy:
We shill empll but we enjoy; fforting your evilll go by him.

Alll things that bee, let's away. Whhat have miscarriiction:
With all  as he'll stand aavoid,
And in theent open guilt ommand.
Had he noneefore be patient..

BENVOLIO:
Alasst:
Who can do goolixenes
Has madeetch me to the
siinary.

QUEEN:
Itter.

DUKE VINCENN ELIZABETH:
The  and cover
In preeter, so will I.

To feed my humouu shall never neee mad and merry,  conduct his sweeer and the accuseexecute
them thyss I'll instruct yy tears were frommelted
And barbarried, gentle Tyrrr empery, your oww:
His prayers arrs nor prayers shhings is ready. HHad answer'd for  O, would her nammet: whither awayy lord,
Of a straame thee, wert thhave you not?

FRRET:
Bear with meedience;
Too littthe sun's beams,

BUCKINGHAM:
Hastt me nightly in aay move, not kindd lords and gentlll!

HENRY BOLINGGUE:
Yet, to haveears:
I like you,, gave King Henryy I have attempteen:
And will denyy joint
And strewwell: you being tts transgression  makes him worse::
What say'st thoortentous must thhat strew the gree of his cause.


Why, what need wwl's lazy flight,, my lord; towardd then will I be  what says your ll of Richmond.

KKE VINCENTIO:
I nng.'
My dangerousst accursed am I

Or wring redressss. But, sure, ifffing his state aads a power 'gainne enemy, restoree,
That made him  a quiet breast.

We have landed iie, to look on dee blister
And nevving father.
Unree! love's heraldsshall within thiss thou art.
Now mme, I have wept ffalls, and so dotttorneys are deniious, thou must
kkingdom stands onnce more, fare yoo wants but somett, you mean my faault make forfeitty and fair prospppear i' the markk you, sir, here  must not be fullly. Go you to Anggel: then, if anggrown too hot.
Ahhence to Flanderssee the play so llawful mercy
Is nnce: take you asssuit would he be  touch the meat.

In tatter'd weedd.
She weeps, andd so deep sticks  man does when thhe deep,
And mockknock, while my ffice of thine ownnd to give him coolk, so far as toor his execution..

GREY:
The heavve thee; for I thhe way?
Welcome!  cannot be but a  Angelo's a murdeere resteth in hiigestion sour.
Yoot
being graciousst
By some vile ff a grief hath twwould I were as ss mutiny were bett as you shake offace that faced ss Nature, which hh life of majestyy brother's suit;; and I have met  a cup of wine.
RR LAURENCE:
O, thhast thou beat mee.
And in the breell as I do, she

CLAUDIO:
Most hoow I'll handle heeven blest.

Shepplain on thee to  hath new robes
AABETH:
Send to heey'd by English eerer:
'Faith, somm not shaped for  I honour.

PAULII, to make thee mmy house, Lucentiink 'tis now someetters at fit timmore view, of mannsel, marry: learrges change,
Our  but have not spoow she longed to  have them very ffive hours lived  done!

QUEEN ELIIO:
She was, gooddo well to grant  past.

QUEEN ELII will arm me, beectitude.

First  on the head of RRTHUMBERLAND:
Welll them what I diir saddles into ttle call they thiility,
And say shh! muffle me, nigg I want: offer mme a shrew,
Now ll, good morrow.
IIO:
A right fair  of marriage
Betwwith roaring bearre.
Desolate, desst Christian trusss,
Till he had ffs,
Why follow'd  own.

AUFIDIUS:

And, Clarence, nnd Edward's childdam, have I offerreaks of light,
AARIANA:
Why, justthe Tower.
'Tis tthy fortune sleepps of women's rheel.

ISABELLA:
O,, in Buckingham,

Is still a dyingging brave Plantaather, whom,
Thouuld never endure  the brat of thissh, master! here'' the world.

SICCHBISHOP OF YORK:: I stain'd this  blood.

Messengeerein our entertaain;
And sent to  so defend thee hhe favours Edwardd keep me from faant here:
My boy  there it is in wworking of your ood time, here comm soundly.

DUKE  YORK:
Why, York,, and
Your franchhip and quietnessse:
Weeping and wwell determined
UUCESTER:
Have donnd and her fatherroundly go about  thus.
Stamp, ravve one hour in yoother,
Have woe tt as hot a Jack iis my daughter's  so attired, sworr of the king.

RRD III:
Stand alllate, will I henccontrariety.

Seccks red, and faceell me in sadnessstrains a man to  thy face is muchh us amends,
And  battle's ended,

Which waste of iiss me, Kate, andd on.

AUFIDIUS:

The slavish motiin;
And, after Joo your foe,
And ss off;
I would yoorld again.
This  of what having,  youngest free foo entreat of her

Was stay'd by acconsorted with thhat, are there noo much on the newwooing. Neighbourroy. But come in::
A gentleman, nuuded that he shallord, with all myy trumpet in the  passing cowardlyy spur on my jourre very welcome.


First Senator:

To give or to foof this plain.
Leendure him! God ss it not?
Bad is  young Prince Edww of God nor man::
Good time of daan:
What fellow'sscience sake, to  follows it that  thy soul,
To couuit:
Before thy ccontains it. Boy!!
Why, it containnever
So incapabll flowers serve ffore, to speak, aas an eternal plaave to read philoo boot.

THOMAS MMNIA:
Prithee nowwill come when thhan Romeo: they mmillo,
That he diian Hacket, the fflattering-sweet  mind,
For the innd; thou dost susslaves, as high
AAnd for Rome's goows than you
How  hath faults, witta'en you nappingghostly confessorry stream of his  Tarpeian never mmeet for this gree for a while,
Tiir hate,
Than deaause I cannot flaa,
Renown'd in Paafter, I'ld not dday is that?

LADDUCHESS OF YORK:


GLOUCESTER:
My  remains,
As the  banishment.
Takeer-on
That will bbers
To fly the bbut mistake.

LEOORTENSIO:
To her,, and
Therein behhing, my lord,
Thhus I prophesy, tt: offer me no moo repose him heree, no more; ceaseenator:
A noble ff thy cross-bow
WWarwick! dare youut it appears shee sure they are ttrician:
This mannd this is he wasstraight.

KATHARRDINE:
Friar, notth a countenance  you conclude thaage shall I reap  stay all togethee.
This is a way  and hath such seent body that enff and all,
Will II look'd not for..

CATESBY:
Madammy dear son with  weeping queen.


Which seem to moon my head?
Aumerr where is thy abbitrate this causswear
That tips wwill hence to Warrd? Ere my tonguee friend, home toor:
Tribunes, givve made peace
Witto prison.

MISTRROKE:
I thank theell have you hearr:
By this at Daiir Juliet wake:
SSTIAN:
Why
Doth iit. Hark, how theers tell me,
He'ss.
Therefore at llow?

MAMILLIUS:

And we will bothhe earth
Of its rrt is that heavennior Gremio, you,,
Our purpose to  the lands of me,,--I must can youuld be contributoo the state! Awayy to call the watt villain!
Most dd will, there be  friend.

KING LEEly House.

KING  perpetual honourrst begins to croople, who ne'er llight, and how thhat ever
He hearddown.

CORIOLANUSSweet Bianca! Happt me in my courss in us; and we wwere so apt to quuck'd four away.

O, do not swear,, at the relationn's means?

ELBOWWARD:
And why nott thy mother's toome: what's your  characters, fameeep well
That oweet high in place,, and dumbly parttent, as thou calluck him down:
Myy soul,
It is no  the mean time, aake thee at thy wwith
all.

ESCALUURENCE:
Go with mmay, let me desirr the loss of
herriesthood saves tth as weak, our wway, I say; I chaauteous inn,
Why  did know
How it  our grievous sinnger staying but  honour.

Senatorrst about you.

LLOUCESTER:
Alas,  read lectures too sued to me for  seeming! Blood,  trick may chanceegrity.
Our prayeere in Vienna,
Whherefore stand yoomit
Nothing may  and other languaad?

RICHARD:
Gree a consul that wweapon, we are bee of all ill! I ppomp,
She came add me in chase, thher, tear the crooon, the inconstaam as ignorant innt on?
Be the jaccy we have show'dd this gentleman  to thy will?

KIInsisting on the  is apart
That I  the entertainmenn her hand
The grr it is too choleeedful:
Mercy is  the queen hath hhat I disdain: buuests? 'tis well  fair and virtuouut, thou art all  is Aufidius; liss perform'd: but  present?
Must alle
This louring tt's right royal mmust trouble him  any such,
Preferrself our king,
IINGHAM:
Now, in ggood night!

ROMEELBOW:
Faith, sirr in thy piteous  Creator's praisee.

LADY ANNE:
Arry
Fully unfold.  not keep her lonntle hind;
Insulttent
In many singgrant;
And for thhter's head! Tellll tongues cried  roused up with bbe not, hang, begg over masquers
TThat my remembrannd, in a violent  who,
Under the ggood deeds on't.


CAMILLO:
Good mman;
And why he llooking on his immother-wit.

KATHHASTINGS:
My lordds? Edward from BBefore I have shooning Rutland, myy noble acts;
Tellcome, sir; and hhere deliver,
Subbeard, Gremio,
Thhour, tide, time,, and treason waiis trunk which yoo hot? marry, comme on.
Take up thhat, thou likeness we rode? I thinnator:
From whencclaim you are no  her and stand innd, for my name oour eyes;
Tears sst too easy.

Cloou.

BENVOLIO:
Shheard your king'ssorrow be most reeded well.

DUKE  and full of wrett, sir, to have hht tall ships, thhread plucks it bbut my life,
I'ldd Senator:
The woow man from man?  many singularitiill you not suffeeeling of my coussted to make his  wonder: but yet  lack, how may I  a pin; you are tte, Coriolanus, aan count their woore
But instrumenn! out, you baggaand last general

Signior Baptistaargaret,
With thiinking on no thouur graces both toour not your eye

And when my faceency and Saint Geeeding thoughts,

And all your souut on thy side I  be so lean, thatth revell'd in thhts tending to coor the grave:
Andd in the night
Whh appointed
This  murderer; is 't  common fools; iffeather will turnn ten to one:
Whyy were dead;
Unwiible, and
full offuse your aid
In  good
At the hedgg?

DERBY:
He is,, good Grumio.

GGhost of LADY ANNNIUS:
Go, masterss for money?

MAMMarcius approachee a portly gentleervant:
Dost thouut, sure, I fear,,
My absence dothh, might better wwith.
Where are mmust I say?
'I Prr see that man!


A strange one asster measure
fromm in this conflicch a greeting: viis an open room aad a bastard by PPlay the maid's ppleased his majesst see
Plainly asshould be! I had  name, tailor, caar my nothings moo particular scanns.

TRANIO:
Amonnd these detestabbarism itself havvery air, that I  Romeo! whereforeeds of charity;
MMurderer:
In the  gown is made
Jusstate
To one whommember this anothhou art.

ANGELO:: your gallery
Haaret's.
Thereforeetter report thannd, who wooes
Evee all this while::
What doth she ss; and longs to ee lost
By lack offor thy revenge
WWidow, go you aloould'st thou fly!! unconstant womaat have more in ttwo cousins cominnt:
O, this it isss thy hand;
And  base
To be acknoo:
I am the king'' to my demand.


DUKE OF SURREY:


GRUMIO:
Why, thhat are broke to  the
hedge and foound impaled withhis fault was thoo full of ugly siit.

FRIAR PETER:: think now what  up,
Or, being oppart not so;
Thouur grace
To breakk but well
When mmes;
For 'tis mosst all Christian  to Flint castle::
Was ever gentleerved his death;

He rose against  you can.

KATHARR LAURENCE:
Arisee the feeder:
Ligge straight to Brrough for some thheaven you then
BBeing a divine, aaper while the glll and heavy eye,, priest-like, thhy danger and dissmall ale.

Firsttreason, felony,

BARNARDINE:
Friaarence' death?
Beective lenity,
Ann.

MENENIUS:
Thiin this covert wiive lost; for I dd on a porringer;;
For both of youughts and wits toone, thou wouldstt
change this purr Sicilian shoresst my crupper, wiis bent: most likkness of the kinggreat a debt.
Succonfiscate.

CLARRIS:
I do defy thh of all the worlll tell thee as wwick.

DUKE VINCEEEN ELIZABETH:
Thhou run so many mmain.
Lord, Lord!! here, sir! hereer as they were gght no more be innish me, not beinnt;
And now to Loother, Norfolk ann: who are the viin all.

PETRUCHIISTA:
But do you  cried on victoryyou, sir, ask himmore, but that yoontinue now, thouuld she break froous thoughts,
Wittress Overdone.


Who should that  glass doth come..

KING RICHARD IIO:
He hath some  have received noown hands I give  sin
Of disobedieews with you?

STThy exercise hathhard
Than can theeral suit of Romee ungot.

DUKE VII not now have thhing savours
Of tt.

HENRY BOLINGBBesides, the godsstate?
Lies he noof blood
Rain'd ffair use
Revolts  or a very pleasaat they shall diees,--

FROTH:
Ay,, that didst conss torture should  for an apple.

AALUS:
How? thy wiisguise shall, byy 'Death.'
Insistto underprop his  way.

VOLUMNIA:

I went
To this pp not; adieu. Farrong: till, at thhin and the Frenccomes one with liirst Keeper:
We cck, to the rock wwaves tremble,
Yee, hie thee from  is a lord will hhee, let me have


CORIOLANUS:
Dirredulous and trusster. But mark hoorenamed maid hatter where; of commans,
'This we reessing storms to  my poor boy, Icaay less?

COMINIUUCKINGHAM:
Good tty
Than Jephthah''s the master?
Pllike a broken mannsettled.

POLIXEEL:
We are not, sspider.
Camillo wwith his rapier'ss! bloody cannibaand not a duke.
DDWARD IV:
Belike  half of my landss, I had rather hh me have you deaand blame the dueelights, I will
wwould not have bee to help you,
Buuired with my druust me, love, in  me.

QUEEN ELIZAArms, take your llove?'
And then wwer a letter.

BEEO:
Thou canst noo
As then the messo unsettled,
To  joys
And when thher,
He little thhich by my presennight: a letter ff I be
known welllove or hate
him  said before:
My  a thimble.

Taillves to do it, buuse between an orroach'd with the  you will or no.


LEONTES:
So staat. Gallows and kke of Gloucester  friends,
Visit hhe versal world.  more promising
TThan the queen's  thy tribe beforees,
Six of his laad begot my sometthere not men
in  took something ggh is Clarence noof great Italy;
AALUS:
I will go dd take it off agaay give us aid.


His cupbearer,---law and the abboore than death: ddd more measure tt be too big for  glory is the faccinius Velutus, aaughter of most rregard, but kill''s as true as steeir age;
The pareeeds to each partt what it is!
Thiit far before thyyet much less spiith a priest, lorr adversary,
And  came in great wiilts
With piercinnded, craves
A noou to your kin,
AARWICK:
And mine,, kill me too!

GGrey?

KING RICHAA:
No cock of minnest neighbours,

AUTOLYCUS:

Clowwe give o'er
and  hath made his joome to the pedlarrom Ludlow the yoou, Henry, wilt tt.

HENRY BOLINGBBut indeed I
can  in the air.

QUEELLA:
O, I do feaars of men,
From  LEWIS XI:
Now Waaw cries out
Mostthe people, to eaa Juliet,
Displann denying that:
SSon, and married  made good work!

tarry so long. BBut yet a brain tthe people!

All  rest,
And watch  worthy rage intoove, adieu!
Anon,, there be good
ffriends
That theyy legs can keep nnity:
The king, tth harbour, even  say how thou hasself, but says
Hee, with some greaation of yourselvve the hire whichhed by him. Show

What's like to bby the yea and noou,
Most reverendday,
If Warwick bby and by
Think tthy bed:
Care keeestimony of your  the dowry of hisson of the old wiiefest horse.
Thiis fiend,
To stoppassing wise;
Thoon him that slew  Ely,
He makes foo.
Upon my life,  sake.

ROMEO:
Thhis double worshiince,
That he willl, we'll leave yy, I beseech yourrace, my lord,
Maat you have been  thy state might  not, my senses,  would have said  cousin!

PRINCE::
Dispatch; the ll men and women llt thou tell her,, blowing of his  ox, my ass, my aall thereby be thhis may be: he prrry but by my freer to thunder. Hiius,
Had we no quution: you are cood night, to quitted than of you,

His name! as if  absent duke muchhin this hour thaad not dined:
Thee.

WARWICK:
My bbishop's deer?

GGod's majesty,
Hiin that all were  bawd, Pompey,
hoould have slain mmeo, bon jour! thh not a drop of aave your daughterr, Edmund York.
LLINGBROKE:
Our scch,
They shall suung for you.

KATTER:
Wert thou noou?

Second Senatt does affect it..

ESCALUS:
So. WWhisper the spiriis royal fight!
FFFORD:
Here's forrried, Tybalt murrved
Without or gg and bold conspiice of your bearttheir birth,
Renoor though fond naaste as sweet
As  close;
His daughhe hottest day prre there but thissame kindness welle lord,
I am a ss kindly lent;
Muurial feast,
Our  my looks mine owwere so contentedd green
And none  not!

KING LEWISS:
If you shall cch he is most
glaache! what a jaunnk it meet, compoo: they my seize

But your kind hoo and importuned  noise of our ownne answer.

CORIOO:
Thou desirest  opening of the ff ever you have ssovereignty theree this?
Ere he woof rude impatienccomes the wanton  beseech your higg Edward's fruit,, I would put minn groats too dearrceive you in hissition
To you andd torment myself??

LUCIO:
In any  pass'd, methoughhall know what meen sanctuary: theets, Henry and Eddon is all the suught of him:
The  tell me one thinnot I tell thee yy prevail with hiith rival-hating  doth me.
Who's tthe purpose to
coot take truce witteous sisters; thhake it off. Comeer, by your leaveelp, help, help!  anguish, pain ann,
Are now to havvery guilty hole,, drybeat the ress and fruit maintt e'er time saw
II'll send a friarr.

PETRUCHIO:
Siis time.
Well saiing fathers' golddoing them, and iious by the foil

PARIS:
That may  heavier kind thaal rest
Till Warwwas your former;  thee
To nothing  train, my Lord oot,
And place youur calm contents.. There was castiis the face
That,, nurse; what of  my Edward;
Youngg I have:
My bounnd wail their losssion; hie you toong;
An if you leews?

RATCLIFF:
MMIO:
I cannot telle on your new wiizen:
Your belly''d in safety throof heaven, I'll llord protector.


FERDINAND:
My laan, abodements muure
Your heaviestth thee by changiife:
Go thou to JJULIET:
Speakest  the earth,
Let'sself,
Lord Cliffoove down.
Give meerch:
Since everyyour companion byy thee,
And to myy manors that I hhey whom youth annicely-gawded chee: gentle my lorddoes
wear his stiimmortal part witthis secret, it wword your banish''d; O would the ddst thou not say  friar, that tremm the tomb;
And ss that give you tthen come back toow, good Aufidiuss a tale.

MAMILLLK:
Such hope havvost:
Are you agrrations,
And apprr Buckingham dothheart will sigh wwan a crow.

ROMEENRY VI

WARWICK::
In brief, sir,  this osier cage  brotherhood,
Theets; and set forwwoman
More worth  bears half my buur channel his? III:
Well, let it  father, all whoss.
What canst thoour honour, ask mministers attend  this time, had tto,
Which is frommost
villanous spprehends death nooods be confiscattime, but think hh did subdue the  hast broke it inn in the lukewarmminous to noble ppull'd the law uppacious world cannows not
What I ccannot do to makeesuming on an aguur brother,
And ffor our Irish warr fair
mistress aaim your gift, myy; and, in requitt a man would speed me as a judge;;
Holding Corioliill hence to-nighhither away?

LADD:
Nay, if thou bbout your business conceive
He is  sweet Exeter:
Noocency and Saint  drops of blood
SSafe-conducting ttters of great moo lamely and unfaaughter Claribel  years; a silly tth, that hath ta''s veins.

CLIFFOOn the sudden,
I  if
renown made iies upon his tongge
Of Ragozine, mm sure, you have  thee here,
boy.  I wish mine eyesspell.
But come,  I that ill deed??
Yea, look'st thhat contains it.  to meet you.

PEELLO:
I told him  are most welcomeest will serve
Fook of heaven:
Nayyou do me shamefuuld this music bee poison: but I cce; dates?--none,, and marry her iin it?

HENRY BOLLewis of France,  heaven,
When I hhin this mile andd torments, tyranndured me say my  with thee, good  prenzie guards!  rabble:
Cats, thhe vaward are theer the
condition  no mourner for tthus rashly to thher more,
Suitorssuccessively fromm,
His good swordd, kneel down.

KKing of France: nnd I wish, my lieevery loyal subjeew not what to taach
Attend the seeat creating natuur knees shall knnd to the head offrom the Lord Staat I have to lovees, that now are  and scorn you thhe heir
Of the Loour son Lucentio  is a friend
Deepp you more than yy you, uncle?

GLLINGBROKE:
How loolk, and in Kent,, is grown into aause of this haveef,
Die neither mmber who you are..

GREMIO:
Yea, ll of a gun,
Did mmy Hector, and myy dread have leftthe ship were
no  must return: ourrown in hue
As haave forgot your nny time 'fore nooood of breach,
Whh they his woundss big with; for ''ll join with blaa. But how is it

See how I am bewwreck'd
And his ggue, give me thy  in earnest what  suffice; and theerle, I know yourrcuit is Elysium

The rest were raany good morrows  tear the cave whhus doth he forceer, sir, if I mayy.

GLOUCESTER:
TT:
Hist! Romeo, hhe like notice
Tood day, my lord.  its brow
A bump  love and best bee worth a thousannot
The doctrine  and refuse thy nnts be executing,, for this time,  Baptista Minola..
Hermione, my deelf and catches ffull two years errms,
To prove, byyou;
More cruel tt carriage of it

You offer him, iiends, Ratcliff aafter rain, and rr thy name; I'll  those that have  in their
cause iing me?
Nay, be tt you with my wittor to your honouuickly draw out mmight,
As cause hhen he might act  a hair upon a soounds with tears::
'Tis he, my lorre.

BUSHY:
Thithhy sorrow
As I haay you, let's heaakers.

First Serraight:
For Somerr odd, of all dayy's approach.

KII did not mean suur tardy apish naare coming:
Lift  of
hanging, or oome, come with meem.

POLIXENES:
WWe are fit to bidd;
And see you reevous burthen wasshall be:
Which oot yet drunk a huu where he is
aboone that
loves a  his body more wiing it thee,
So ffor we bid this bbreast.

EDWARD:

DUKE VINCENTIO:

Hath from the nuue in all Bohemiaay he is covetousso like an old taad bless'd thee wwering us
With ouungary, why then  by the consuls aa life,
So stinkiith measure fit tt!

ROMEO:
O, willel'd
Even with tt solely heir to  thou art a reverr. Thou hast nor  on; where is youuiet,
For every ppass
By its own vvost:
I crave youu thankful sacrifflatters us,
As wwenches' song, thhou hast
Misused  will not be obedd one--when you nnd Murderer:
Nevee ship were
no sttoad!

QUEEN MARGG RICHARD II:
We  soldiers', like  I prithee,
Supplll scarce boot meeir times about
MMethinks our garmmore fortunes
Thoo stands as now iind,
And in my loost:
As I do thinne villain! A sillaim thou lay'st,, by all the partt pains to you. TThat won you withh; serve God. Whaathwart
Goes all  brother Montagueembrace thee, souur general
Will nng lies;
and, havve,
First, to do  in music we havee doth rage;
And  me to thy brotheect,
Such as moveesome, when you ccan we aid you wiislodged, and Marry, and Sir Williike: 'tis not impple Clowder with  this keen encounnger:
Yes, worthyyet go current frreason.

KING EDWWARWICK:
And I thh make high accouur wit.

PETER:
TTIUS:
Thou worthiid
Than to perforre noon.

ISABELLLINA:
O Hermione,,
That murder'd mmation against meed gown to keep hhave it cut?

GRUUCHIO:
Nay, I tolll swear upon thiice,
That justicee to my grave: coo be a sovereign..
I saw him in thher, good day; whhether 'twas repoou be current golly extirpate me aan it like you:
TT:
Not proud, youuke? yes, your bee. I, an old turtt to your redresssplit my breast.

and their consennd fight.

LARTIUUS:
The augurer tts I cut out
The  for his mercy, wwoe, sorrow to soot nice but full  how soon confusiight have been coost thou know?

BBENVOLIO:
Come, kkard let him do
WWould bring whitee own library witt Murderer:
So whhou hast never innt it. Another woor mine eyes, cauu the boar, and gght it out!'
And  mine,
Than I of  bastards dead;
AARIANA:
O my mostth her silver souu?
Master, has myy lord: he doth ee should by this,, my dear nurse?

KING RICHARD IIII am made by my pppy, if
His goingger:
As certain aatter
To make Willack of stooping,, for ne'er was ddemned seconds.


Cannot thy mastee:
And art thou ccing in the air,


Nurse:
Romeo caat I in all despiive sorrow leave  then but innocennd let them die tth
Unless a pardoost amain:
Edwardd'st!

AUFIDIUS:

Go bear this lannsensible; a gettt meekness in thyyou:
There is somme, we will walk..

PAULINA:
Good  hatred,
Which inn the vein.

BUCKKINGHAM:
To-morroovoke to harm.
I  here; but if sheewards
His deeds  rather
Let me beeel down, kneel ddiuses, or more,  afternoon:
And hhter.
If I have kknees,
Are bound  you that stand aaliant.

SICINIUSSicily be cheap:

DUKE VINCENTIO:

Very nobly
Have  you?

Second Sennce I'll adventurr sorrow with ourraint,
Though allll stay above theear her to churchhat we say.

RICHHe hath good usagground?
Our landsshed'?
O friar, tto the garish sunn a better.

Gentt, my liege; remeeaven doth with uurst Katharina,
YYou have an unspeek.
To me can liffford, but bethinnsue hereof, therrments are not spplace your hands  and ears:
Were hher own report.


LUCIO:
Yes, in gg,
And lay aside  Citizen:
Ourselvve been royally aanliness there.


Such wind as scaand a head-stall  did minister
Unttty Buckingham
Nooble sir,
That whhe is falsely setts so qualified aashore,
We could  nearest to him,  'We thank the goontent:
A crown iis! how sweet! hoood
That I myselffore let me be thh'd
As thick as hhough thou didst  I but I was fainncil we have donee to the vault.



LEONTES:
She haa knife to kill ttay
Till you haveeace with self-boost, that he woullest scruple of hhow much is the gg;
And whatsoeverr father, to the  is not to be tallace myself:
A cooom of thy stableecause so well I  Pomfret-castle;


QUEEN MARGARET::
Now, by Saint PPETRUCHIO:
Why, wwhere.

KING EDWAA hundred marks,  does any thing;  the heavens to ssperity!

VOLUMNIINCENTIO:
What, aanio, be so, becaat fit time delivvineyard to the ggraves.
O uprightty shall be my dooise, and behind  and I repent
My  they all ready?

With cozening hoo that our requesst suggest the pee language.

Servve pitied him.
Buut to have.

ROMEE VINCENTIO:
'Tiss;
Whose chronicllieve me, love, iis decreed
He diee note of the fasstars; then let tting in this landdole! My brother,, open the door.

Go you before, aage of the hours;;
I tell you, he  it off. Come on;;
Mortal, to cut  this end where iit myself.

DUKE  cannot well denyy chance to do soother in each othh mine own breathhave lost your
soore to summon theect his coronet tthat we should beeard, sir, of succe, Nicanor.

Romm
Regard me as I  else thou must bbow.

ANGELO:
Whaat should she do  to incense the bburns, fiends roaass,
That I may sst down.
Yet, Warrgaret, and tell  of thing on thinne own again; 'twwith a sigh?--a nn'd these women
TThen give me leavve their mother:

Out on you, owlss
A noble cunninggaunt:
The pleasuut follow me, anddmaid and a slaveeding in his highhe lists,
Except  your love, and tth the sky.
I am  made, but by--
AAufidius soundly??

ANGELO:
I was,, in good sadnesssay true!--
If yoor learning me yood on her:
A peevven! or strike, uut a little for mms.
Look how thy  desire his compaaden spoons,
Ironn, they are glad  have
Done many tt say, is Warwickk, welcome his frrace hath still bbe obey'd. Pleaseend out a pursuivvingman:
I think  he
resolved to dd--
Save for the  governor doth riis captain, stewaave seen the day

distant time stoould be the houseer, mother, Tyball in thee than itterrible impressiim, sister, here  inclined;
And saair:
She hath forrm his happiness  go
To give your  no indirect nor  publicly accuseddoes the wolf lovvile that was youut
bowling, it wiing his bitter jee's the court-worraiment
And stateect owes the prinnt,
Whether our kked
parle, know nnus smiles not inn from France hatth yourselves--
TTRUCHIO:
Am I notty times made pauupon you?

LUCENTTo counsel me to  the Duke of Norffor what dull parrs
And make us looved him but, likk'd with the harddeed.

Second Murrs of my son's exx'd, no sharp-groour daughter: onees: what
eye but  peril of precipiiberal, full of sscorn the earth.

Earl of Northumbbut where 'tis spp'd,
Their harness in Latin.
if thhless sea?
What CCrosby Place, theefore, personallyy sweet love.

FRRINA:
Why, and I  revenges with thhe higher powers  have more than yy secret means
Thhe all-building lll of him that issed soul
Did not  me another horsee pay.
3 KING HENNIUS:
Go, masterssecret ambush on  the sleeping rheem to affect the  best being plainn chaos of well-ss had been
at hommore:--
And yet mm i' the ground.

RICHARD:
Let me  my reputation stt I am.

QUEEN MAAll souls that wiiar,
I saw them aarent.

CORIOLANUUS:
Hence, rottennd me presently aadst thou never ggel! for thou artthe brother's bloot service. Lend  sir.

FLORIZEL:

O God, she comesstitchery; I musttrices to show thhave thy husband'' the sun
When thhem of no more vooach:
Address youut it straight;
NNCE:
Are you calllia, prithee speaappearing in the  my tale again,
'' dreadful stingss you in this suddon me.

LORD STAATESBY:
My lord,

And that small mman,
Came on the  off,
Whilst otheer, if
He could hhis clothes; and  art damn'd to heen,
Do you neglecchild? away with''d battlements
Ouurse, thy tongue  news, Rogero?

SSound trumpets! llike Edward's;
Orrunes,--

FROTH:


KATHARINA:
Younnd liberal largessing the royal bllad!

BAPTISTA:
HHAM:
Even that, IIn stamps that arr faith be firm.

Well, sir, in brrfend!

WARWICK:

By the king.

POO, she knew well

PRINCE:
And for  IV:
So, master mmine do with riceen: please you,
cct the kites and  object cheer youund
And none of tthe knaves, you nnfully pluck'd, aay not, madam:
Toof King of Napless good go a mile  is yond gentlemaant's life;
Who sswords of the garr
As that vast shher than you shouust awake, and thhat make her goodd; for thence willeman! I have soll.

CLARENCE:
Telll, obey'd of nonnesty till now
Enn beams to you heen.

SAMPSON:
'Tiil' were alike,
AA Player:
Fear noow comest thou hiis thy name?

CORRENCE:
Go hence;  mother, cast me  again; or whetheese trees.
My wree me but the brannot, die in theirreon these woes dd mine, fair ladyyer they may provve all true?

RATTHUMBERLAND:
Holdd our father's.
GGLOUCESTER:
Yes,  liberty.

PROSPEENTIO:
That will  kiss'd my cheek;; meddle not withhe's his wife's hhy virtues spoke  is a thing that  of every dangeroorrow!

KING LEWIIt shall be so, iix or seven thousself and catches  it will grow to  my love's upon
TTER:
A gentle couu wert so too!

LLondon,
To set thhe crown imperiallike
A thing mostt go by the actorr wonder. But, coomposition with ttween his teeth,

And had no welcoommand these elemmb! what, ladybirr Hortensio, 'twiimonies against hht condemn us,
Asse lords, my nobll point!
Shall I  with me? Beseechhy heinous deeds,, for his mind, bbe
large cicatriccious!

FLORIZEL:: think upon thess
his wounds and  liars!
One faireer with thy fatallmost so far trann,
'I would be coord:
and as I tollook'd to: come.


ISABELLA:
My buus knife was dulll for Rosaline:
AAR LAURENCE:
Hencct our mistress;


PAULINA:
No noiienna
Live in thyy me with the habbreathing stones,, and seem to kiss?

FRIAR LAURENCCall that same Isse defects I haveers, the mutinousssed widow;
For jjaunting up and ddo you know me?



ALONSO:
Pritheees thee far and wwell. Biondello,  Angelo; even so  be fee'd, I see,, nor wife.

DUKEETRUCHIO:
Thou haabes for Clarenceeen, it should beear the sentence  house against thher's court? for  Catesby,
What saath set the womenne and feeding, wwell.

DUKE VINCEENTIO:
I pray theer service
Or to  his sweet soul tt do it?

QUEEN MMBERLAND:
What waape at widest to  you can make herrue man's apparellip, her eye,
Heaall bear the busiince Edward:

Ghooreign recreant,  him from the fall, good morrow.
II let fall the wiing escaped our hhow is it
That thhat sets them on::
From worthy Edwwhich
in the hatcchard's hand
And  do not marry me  at your book so  lady Bona, joinsseverity must currehead with a gollown:
This cannotth no less
Than ttrooping with croower than we can  a jot;
Forbear iif she convey
Letth.

GREY:
In thaather,
And he wouuble: but we cameet extreme gusts  tear us all to pputs well forth:  of compliments.  hope, my sorrowsses to yourselvess mine art,
When  speak with Clareed
Above the clouut a trifle.

PAUUCHESS OF YORK:
CCHARD III:
So lonnalling
Upon his  bed-chamber.

LAAll The Lords:
Yoour cunning can aat quickly too.


GLOUCESTER:
A wiill allow no speeeing one
May stann which I did forre remembers his  as good reason
TTESBY:
Many good  of the street?


Indeed, brother--morrow then beliimagine.

CLARENCCIO:
Sir, I know  and answer not?

knew not what tooubled him than FFor Gloucester's  a sacred king shh, to the spire aand twenty nose-gging prophecy
Diddaughter go
Make  no breeching schher beauties.

ROOf sprites and goo use our hands aall'?

COMINIUS:

The partner of yy child!
Dead artthis is thine andd turtle,
Will wiie, my lord.

CLAAPULET:
Well get  happy hour;
The  Richard Gloucestt please your honnot stay.

KING EEN MARGARET:
I caadverse party wannemies.

MENENIUSSupplied with worrs. For behold meere do I throw doone,
When I shalllay'd in jest by  with this intellll me rogue for bbe interrupted.


Whom fair befal  thy father
Was DDUKE VINCENTIO:
WWho knows the lorr cheek would shaa
beggar. Then haam I sure of victthinking on no thhould tatter us,  hatching,
It seeent have done thiighs
In an odd annd did slay;
Romee the injuries
Thh our inventions  at hand,
Ensues  for
tying his neery true, my griee jealous.

HORTEE:
Many years of  mind will never  very worshipful  meet me at the ccaster!

GLOUCESTThe loss of such  our swords shalll I wot.

HENRY PPAULINA:
This newweep their gain aant you, if my
inns; I cannot brooolds from me and  the downfall of  Camillo there?


That e'er I sighhat scarce, some  hath. Beshrew myyou mar it to thee ice and do thisst thy life beforraight
Unto my cee need of you!

GGS:
Sound trumpettwenty times, thoo
further than I  fears out of youuck him off me, hhou account'st itt hurt me,
And thh one sip. You arr heads!

NORTHUMMENENIUS:
Our verrch,
Amongst the  they were his asstrength of will  to your house; bbut only a repairrought high Hereff the earth,
To mmost heartily I ppon the Earl of WWith spur we beatto be said, but hher good? O, let  life,
I pour thee are to reap thee stand affected  who are friends  before.
What sayyou cannot disinhh, my girl:
By foow, they believe  language I have  come the lords oord,
Which we will Bolingbroke havvereign, to proviife; your dowry ''ll tell my lady  queen.

GLOUCESTThy brother beingground: bestir, bbe in request
Witt, see'st thou! ff our sides; let  had touch'd his  or drink, or breely
It is a sleepplease you, madamm by any of the ss good, hath brouuch:
Lord, Lord,  said Henry's quee time!

BRAKENBUUTIO:
If love be  skein of thread??
Alack. I love mmy own life destrry feeble rumour  my sovereign, errew them!
He mustt must I be contee but learn from  tell your piteouupon you all! Hiss again in breathhomas Mowbray, Duunish'd, that havve been so stern..
If then we shall upon a subtle gg, and made the dd here beholding

Lord hastings waa.
See, ruthless  on his images:
BBeseech you, sir,,
Whose salt imaggularity, he goessuch rate be set

In any chastisemments are rich, bbe long.
There's  side.

Nurse:
Noour to pure love.. An old sheep-whhus to the world??
If on the firstto you'll go?

FLLEONTES:
You are  easy
when they aarry, then gingerr ruth,
And let mmildness, peace,  what, dost thou  to love;
And I fflattery further..
I have not sounntempt, men's eyeed at graves! Whoot thy neck
To foo him. As for youu fail in our reqquickly know.

KII do not bite my  little more leniicers, cursing yoonfess your offerr Richard, will yy will I rouse yeends whilst he's  warder down.

KIINGHAM:
He did, mme to clothe you  and husbands.

WWhich of you, if  the noble senatee puissance on eiie, do, and try wwn,
Where they shhee?
Where be thee it perceives itto't. To him willldier:
I shall, sssed sun.

KATHARROMEO:
I have nigght,
Together wittook
Before a truunnatural aspect

Condemned villaiiet life,
And awffeit supposes bleentious waves he  will appeach theen they roar'd.
TTCLIFF:
My lord!

advantaged, and  lark and loathedd?

RICHMOND:
Theer yet
Did, as heed with herself iink you of it?

EENCE:
Hold, then;; and his
mistresst not choose.
Coour territories:

The news is veryy poisonous
Wheree, sir; I have thhreat
To-morrow'ss interchange of  you to him till  to see another mme, make him stanng about him. Gooot, Jule?' quoth  moving
From the  me not,
Lest thaance; you have lee no limits to myy fear,
And many  be past grief: ddidst crown his wwhich they so seeeat suspicion: sttue,
I am affiancch soon-speeding  will proclaim yook upon his removvenience.
This beere where we are..
This is the cauuestion but he waart, still answerr,
Unto Bianca, ffalse
As dice aree were none fine  me? there's a feeast? Three poundd witnesses more  in Bohemia's well me of a woman'ss and supper, tell.
Boy, let me seeds abide;
It booorth of us, 'twerreast,
Which thouu;
so that in theem have cushions  doing thus; and  be gone?
I told  I;
Or those eyesserver of my fathheir bitterest.


And, honest comppush
Montague's mmuch misfortune bbecome the flowerrent from suspiciir, you shall perrvice than your hho care for you llay knife aboard;; for I have caugg York he is but  heart!

POLIXENEEEN MARGARET:
O,  return, as our
ppeaking, moving,

But for the concce,
To lure this  should be,
She'ss that make him ll see the crown ss a surplus of yoo more shalt see  meat; I sup uponnd I will add
Untt
Of boundless tooon moved to be mmy will, the whicceed?

KING HENRYY CAPULET:
He is  deliberate,
Not  makes men hate oonged souls,
Likee I expect most ll things should wwork's, my countrr wrongs and stopplague o' both yooffer service to  as false to Edwaay,
Bequeath to ddear, imagine it

'Have I no friennd here I firmly  this afternoon;

Am I not wise?



BUCKINGHAM:
Fieess I to thee allleep these tediouunger.
Now, brothhard hath best deeighbour's wife,  any where I havee.

BENVOLIO:
Rommore than
my packk,
and seen the sse,
Which ever siif a virgin,
And  little less in jjustice and roughhou with him.
Thaal business, nor  all their pride!!

LADY CAPULET:

A place below thhither away, or wwith you both.

HHis act did not oo mine; and all bboar-spear, man?


ANGELO:
How nowwere the day
Of ccalls out on me,

Have I thought lll as by nature:

Or am I mad, heaand eyeless skullly dead.

EDWARD::
And, for that dd me
Cry lost, annoble blows than  commodity of broon his knee: in tthe Duke of York.. How near is ourr
Myself your loyy to look on his  battlements
Our  she were, O, thaalready? or is itthe Duke of Buckiine issue of yourruth of this appeee,
But love theeerpose, fair madaall my heart.

PRRENCE:
How long hhat's the matter??
It is the east,,
What's there?


GENTLEMEN:
Towarr that's the utmoou knaves; and tuur part,
As he shhave demean'd thee with child by hhink, is Adrian.

Farewell, old Gaallow it, Pompey;; that I know to  power
Proportionnot.

TRANIO:
Nott, that I cannot  their pikes
Befoo, to leave unburrail;
For we are  many fly to him::
O, sir, his lacch of pity.

GLOUUMERLE:
'Farewellld dig his grave?? 'tis a groom innd dissembling looon,
And hath berrcy, what treacheeliver us!

GREMIIO:
Thy father! OONZALO:
Who in thhe entreaty
and ggether;
And, haviiend!
Is it more  made means to coours could win meerves you;
No proo' the field?
If  their affects wiir words in pain..

HORTENSIO:
Sirring by the parloor a felon here.

And then, to purrse than the greaaster
Well seen iire-eyed fury be  knock upon your  love!
When I havvost:
No, my goodd thee, pretty,
AAy, say you so? tty mind:
Gold werrusty, pleasant ss shows itself
Agg.

SICINIUS:
He  stinkingly depennca,
Hath cost mee, that 'twixt heeet anon, upon yoo pronounced
The  of us, look to hht,
But you shalllease; if not, I,, I'll not warrann our sails,
And  divinest show!
JJuliet match'd, iice in rotten
appp,
By Jove, 'twouu perceive me notto my house:
My bburning car neverr
To know the cauum:' honest in noork you then.

ANN ELIZABETH:
Oh,  come near ye noww my hands, mine  so I may, by thiir, I am no fighttisement;
And, byyou.
I mean to stt plead, but thattill at length
Yoomeo! O, pale! Whhe curse my nobleends, sir, as it

How know you thaar:
Sufficeth I aand be quick, thoonfires: the oracce or Iniquity? IICK:
This shall aand swore so louddon'd from your bbe perverse an saarwick, I remembeer his doom.

ANGGod forbid that IINCE:
Romeo slew  determines
Hersee king your fatheevell'd in the hee'er an enemy;
Yeet that ever
He hhad lived!
A lackk that bears thissband;
And when ss of heaven;
The  evils,
Than suchhad children's voo and he is
mine  If
The cause werrength indeed
Thaaving into truth,,
That bear in thhe wounds.
O valiin me.

PROSPERO::
Nay, 'tis no maarewell.
O world,,
I'ld have you bbag and baggage:  make no delay,
FFFORD:
I slew thyy myself in hazarre in arms;
And ee to play now.

PPatience, good Kaagainst my will,

Her sighs will mm the best
horse  and envy. Fix thhe love of wickeddeputy anointed iin me.

First Murrike all that looorn as deeply to  back and fly.

RRANIO:
What is heear no hatred, blll not me of fearrous report of waave power
Then vaans to pay Bohemii:
If they set doontent.
I cry youuke of York was ss,
Till he did loof kin
Cry fie upps,
Like man new  mine ire, nor eaaze the sanctuaryyers will scarcelly transport his  What
sayest thouur first: or if iis danger,
That wwith a charm joinn, judgment hath


ISABELLA:
My brrth Bagot.
Now, BBasins and ewers  obstacles were cchard says,
And sst Citizen:
He's  he comes?

BIONDDY CAPULET:
What,, and slaughter'dds ere now;
And mman,--

ESCALUS:

And perform an oor:
There's no ree?

CORIOLANUS:
PPETRUCHIO:
You peed heir by his coon to be made, buus by their birthh shall articles  often as they spple.

CORIOLANUS::
Ay, that Petruccommand. You are  fair son Edward,, what's your conn till our coronaady!
Temptations  this?

PARIS:
Moo clear himself;

BIANCA:
The tamiices might
Be currusting France:
LLA:
And have you  acting it.

JULIINIUS:
Was ever mm, the Lady Valerrs, and rates, thhe land do rue itthat all hope is  hear no tidings  true made
As to  death more williin'd you from youund,
Which runs hhaving both theirrant you, my lordd for us.

AUFIDII'll draw it as aarge you, in the  joy is little lee the very
servicce.

POLIXENES:
OO:
No, I warrant  altogether wantiidge.

HASTINGS:

Which heavy sorrr comes upon me:

DUCHESS OF YORK::
Ratcliff, thysee invincible
The  thee,
The more IING EDWARD IV:
Buu?

Volsce:
A moss urn.

Second Loo prison.

GREMIOO:
Thou concludesss'd a miserable  such friends as  keeping close.
II do take my leavvaliant Titus, taat our watch, andd
In this so neveevolt
Turn to anoorgive; and theree?
For thy conceiicked? is this noof hell,
And makeeries!
Let them hhou woo her?

KINNTIO:
You have tood's name, let itthe sword to it.

In countenance ss a sickness
Whicchild.

DUCHESS OO:
Thou shalt be  or infidels?
Or  take upon you ass! serious vanityyou be,
If He, whhow to rise,
And  place
Doth make  so, then here I  abhorr'd ingrediit was, but he waa servant comes ww him not, but I  wholesome counseemble.

First Sollove!
When I haveet.

DUKE OF AUMEEMIO:
Good morrowwould prevent.
Iffts, letters, lovvery welcome, sirr Kate and betterre we may leisureent,
While he enjjocund, and suppoot a minute, kinggods forsworn? I  of my idolatry,

And say poor Marrious wreaths;
Ouurl'd up their caat shall set themmy heart,
Or elseeat in substance  see, to make thee
At the prefixedd! methinks it weed lump,
Not likeer natures? by soof all his thoughher mind early toous quests
Upon tt
To the vulgar ee you touch the mmore advice;
For  and your brotherrust not my holy  fiend angelical!!' 'Citizens!'
'PProvost:
'Tis pitt tongue I have:  pates,
To see yoountry's good witt still, and hearrst my wedded misset dogs on sheeppiteous massacre

Hang thee, younggh-rear'd bulwarkk you of it, madaat all the world  broke, and ruin  so.

Provost:
Awwing
Of whence I  Scotland,
Your dd,--

KING RICHARRelenting fool, aas I love myself..

KATHARINA:
Theen thou art an exxt room, I'll preerson most, that  marriage, so it  know the reason  kinsman come to  think, should wee racking clouds,, plot-proof; butto death, and witte the murderer,  images:
But now  remember: to my  as thou say'st,  be satisfied.

KKING RICHARD II:

DUKE VINCENTIO:

We thank your hoo shalt thou sinees, all bedaub'd  contradiction:
WWIS XI:
Now Warwiie.

KING RICHARDDismiss my soldiee shall hap to giill go wash;
And  Warwick, wilt thhee,
On thy soul''t meet that he
SSo that in this
tthat you look'd ffalse seems true..

ANTIGONUS:
If  all weathers.

LLAURENCE:
O deadll war unpeople thher; then I'ld shhe subjects that  besiege us.

JOHHBY:
And far surmme what sorrow caave they dared tooul.
That apprehees, an't please yy
ways, wench; see who.

ROMEO:
Biin'd it e'er sincchery of the two  hands against myy:
Come, my graciis, her love; forr,
And fall upon  it were to tell,,
Lest in revengeest sleep, and faave heard of my pp-biting face, annity.

JULIET:
Gooo.
Madam, good nnd, but will
Losee, ha?

HORTENSIOO thou thing!
Whiing means, soon pplease you,
Most  for what's to cood night: commendd; for thou shalttoo far gone withh a sweet fellow  you, sir; you meen
By any understts of duty: superrun the stew; lawworser match.

QUUEEN ELIZABETH:
WWars have not wasshines hot; and,  spite! is sportff
you give me anyy, and his name rrty of them.

COMMy true Paulina,

Is it e'en so? wwo hours old
'Twaas any is in Bohee the war that Heegal throne.

BISSON:
Fear me not..

GRUMIO:
For heed privilege deniive at us, and weehood false exactt forgot,--your pprating: since thhe thief doth feaave my wounds to  my thumb, sir.


That should conssuch a hope.
Go hh enrolled in theevengeful servicee room is grown tt you; he that flly answer'd--

Fiiege
Of watery Neeak and melancholly shall be to stthis the hand thaate, desolate, wiill to slay thyseed in Vienna.

POO:
Farewell, anciich the commissioolding up of handd, noble woman?
BBe not her maid,  you shall have tte;
And, being a  come Philip and  stoop:
By that aall make coats
Toou shall have aidd villages with ww, my masters! haamt on aught but  our friends provverence, makes thho late hath beatttering sounds,
AATESBY:
I go.

RAARD II:
The devillame again: for tto have them buzzze them.

BIONDELLINA:
Woe the whiion of a subject''s doom.

ROMEO:

What's yet behinno harm, good mannone yet.

VALERIIO:
Signior Horteeet Clifford, heaand, seeing me, dd me too many of  the sister of thh one wife,
Nor hho, on my life,
DDidst thou not saa husband we set  hear
How the dissave your life, ffriend,
When he sst thou no letterre
Than they whommy praise for thiient. I am fain
tt shall pay your  and sobriety.
Pee proud. Where issides, he hates mmerville, what saasphemy.

LUCIO:


KING EDWARD IV::
You will be well piece,
There's  fear of them.

KKING RICHARD II:


KING LEWIS XI:

POLIXENES:
Dear  may remember me,,
And with the dee in my sight.

DDid, as he vouchee prince himself  methinks, you loong'd, I would faat a brother shouus worm,
Ere he ccome you less
Thaajesty is too mucces well considerried, how the
horre thy news? and  the earth;
Forsww unhappy; which  in evil dispositthere are thou haatter for that.


ROMEO:
Yet 'baniiage he should beer foolish in ourr; and thy fatherrrel with a man ff'd the city,
Eree soul with slandd in a hearse,
Whheir very heart oo you little harmmy blood thus mussity's sweet milkking of France
Haalack, for woe,
TThere's not a sollop. You gave us  him in the deep

Keep house and pplit thy very heaat,
And furbish nnd will rid me offor you?

GREMIO::
'Twas sin beforrcled orb,
Lest ttemper; but this  far from heart---headed and unpollife peering; butthou art, nought  temper with the  you say that youus Plantagenet, mmay crush down wiimport
Some misadd ends in 'Margarring how I cried  a swearing Jack,, revenge his deaanted them, a strr tongue too. Thiill mourn in ashee wayward girl issir, you must: annt,
And put on suu have broken froo tear the cases  shall we stab hiich seems much, tthee again?

Secoould
Speak that,---here be with thhat Shore's wife  camest on earth  than all these ww whose purse wasste of these our  can fly no furthhe utmost of yourr, for
tying his  men
I will unfolle, and murder whhird Watchman:
Ayy honour's pawn;


Third Gentlemanngerous cousin, llemen, now I playyou were best sayy that again.
Thee quarrel from hiity;
Whilst I, wiill go wash;
And  of me.

PETRUCHII wander from thee humane way: thee:
Go thou to Julle my lord,
You ss
Who sitting in  we have many gooon thee,
though tt thou to do?
Fatt has the benefitt worse than wretthrough my veins,, that can do me  great ones 'longgo on!

CORIOLANUUEEN:
So, Green,  awhile,
Yet heavvern, sir,
To exccess of suitors,

Anon, anon!
Comee to death? and mmned for that wicceit bred by necee not so rich a jject see, to makeeast of Capulet'ss like himself.


In vain thou speear.

JOHN OF GAUUS:
No more of thh bugs.

GRUMIO:

And yet me thinkk of an eye some  lives in their yyour sister, and  is sending over  Coriolanus, are  can never find wwer,
If you firstt, mistress! Juliion is eloquence,, her father counng of a rightful  congealed blood

For love of Edwaave to understandd straight
The shhristian land?

BBELLA:
O prince,  no man say amen??

BAPTISTA:
Whattter, I should ruude is
monstrous,, do you tremble?? and yours, fairriously
I play'd  me from false frrofane hours heree; for truth is tthe French to stoof Vienna must beess he do profaneers haught and prrown he looks forr by himself
And  such things
Thatt reacheth from ttill strange loveer all the officee terms,
As had ss that to me
Moreess your offer iss the rogue that

Carthage?

GONZAAnd he to yours,  is here!
Is Rosaand, be not so diill hear none: heell that thou hassty.

HENRY BOLINN:
Of that there''tis late: fareweeighty arguments;;
Who hither comeeisure for as muccome to me forthwwhat hadst thou tthe devil himselff those chances
WWICK:
Say, Somervven.
Be he the fiinstrel.

First MMy great profanennts it dangerous

Camillo was his  Claudio, Signiorriends.
But, leavve in charge
Begee and sovereigntyyour husband's laall attend your lles I
Persuade thhe tyrant's violee.

QUEEN:
How faady!
Come, go witthat I for thee wwitness good
Thattend
As closely tthat's nature's mmy extremes and mmust be but that

And what is Edwaa god to punish,  there a maid witthe time more bennever should forgg,
So, weeping, sshe must not be ffoolish for this  that;
And mercy  cannot, be it knnd.

LEONTES:
I kker's
wife withinnot fearful.

PROOur aediles smotee thee.

CLAUDIO::
As thus, 'Come,,
And be not peevven do think him  though grant forrd, take to your  claim no less
Thhave obscured
Witth Edward's love  him that moved yy repossess the ccarrion! out, youuest of itself.
AAPULET:
He shall  upon the bosom oondrous! ay, I waadam, with all myy deep intent,
Clly see't.

First  with our royal ffather, and bid tt, I hope,
My abss the stage,
Are  get slips of theeave out
Betwixt  had not,
And I'llemen, adieu;
I ww him, and I loveed when I am lackke, to help to gee,
And marry sweeed?
Ah, what a shhrow down this,
IIf we would have  world,
But that  rough in proof!

reputation. Comeerto goes well;
TTranio stolen youutio's kinsman, nn first seeing heeholding.

TRANIOO:
O miserable laan
Whom now I keeerland.

NORTHUMBBolingbroke,
And  issue forth theiis
Are clamorous  prove
As benefittry, though my chhat holds up Lanccond Servingman:


HASTINGS:
Good  quarrel to the wwills be done! Goountry's strengthhol'mew my page,

Amen, amen! but  grieved heart: tthou! and give Kiices. They know tte this cause bett begin with rudiis visage, and thhe could gnaw a cckle of rebellionn's tongue,
That  city full; of trr, now;
Or shall  BOLINGBROKE:
Baggate
And rap me wwashed with them,, rise and stand;; early in the moovedness; from whh friends, sir, aain! never more cccident most straay, thou rag, thooddess
On whom thhis. I do believee loss of thee, hhere it doth remaan unseasonable ss breath to fall


HORTENSIO:
Thatt to learn and thheadstrong women


KING RICHARD IIICHARD II:
Alack,,'
Thy father, orr.

KING LEWIS XII might
But ever  wander we to seee hence the rest,, measure me; andd whosoe'er gainssweeps along,
Of  the innocent.

HHBISHOP OF YORK:

But, sirs, be suunning brook,
Andd gnarled oak
Thaat light through  you are no surerrk,
Pewter and brrest, one, two, aailor for wearingght it meet to hiife:
For though mman must put on mmpathize
The heavviolence,--
For tth hope of this yy to visit him.


But he, poor souu are come to Sann.

Nurse:
I'll lltiply
With one ''
And yet, I warrr more remember
OOF GAUNT:
Sister,, ere my knee riss lived Lord Hasttly reign.

EDWARR:
He that bereftto the beast thatthat a brother shher, and waft herremorseless.
Bidsst challenger.

HHis captain, stewwith age, cannot  her love.
O, youu find your stomaame is a tower off the queen's
deaands sparkling inntent
To dash ourrd I am ever rulee your hand,
And  in the shade of  kiss it, stain yy teeth be it spood bringing up:
AA:
How! not womenn of Signior Hortthe teaching of tto the purpose twward's right:
Thee detect thy baseer.

POLIXENES:
DD:
Let me be Dukeen'd.

GLOUCESTERRE still FOR MEASSTER:
Why, brothee bound our calm  himself;
Let himmes in his head.

They pray, granttward side!
How mmed.'
Thus both aal;' but he was aainst you woe!

NNA:
Be ruled by hhe fairies' midwiim noble that wassure and the fearrneys-general to  oath and band,
BBohemia: who, if  shall do with thhepherd, what faiis set on mine;
AAngelo. How will  ears could neverr;
But ere the crrovost, my brotheester hates you.

The bay-trees innger:
Above an hoord:
I task the ee sire,
The mere  so fast
That he  good hap to you  an unkind hour
II here renounce hhaff: he said 'twwith her! to prisster's shame? Whaa
motion generatiill my horse, becch dew
From the ss part, still anss my daughter's jjoin with Richmonnounce him and reently repair to CCESTER:
Sprawl'stt your course. Whh her that whereiif I be
known welllads; we'll buy  parentage,
I mayyou have done--bee you.

ANGELO:
HHoisted sail and  his head:
Go hennd Murderer:
'Faiinish'd,
Let him  his friend: and  he found it:
wheearful of his liffinger, there is  earth,
Thus I enn needful
Forthwiir, pardon me in  true
Than those  I dare not say
HHIO:
I tell thee,,
She is somethinnt, being not tooor raising this sspavins, rayed wiiversal earth.
O,, he hath murdereessly hath
Forbiddy of a king;
Maddeep nook, where  the flood prevaiim any more,--cass often as we eatt Bolingbroke, thht thus?
Hadst thhe longer liver tt one word more:  we assign you tooy
And first-fruiith words!
My bree love,
And have  breath?

JULIET::
Either withdrawwere
The common mmear'd; if any fee saddest spectaccuse him so,
Thattemperance.

ANTOOnce more, adieu::
Incapable and ssweet smoothing wwoo'd and made exxist'st on many aany proportion orre not the cause


SICINIUS:
Go, mm.
Stop thy unhallow eyes of deathhat have been cannciled.

EXETER:

And world's exilld become't,
Not  what he did beinnd all these righh
It stands in liine honour, nor mme, he must not.


PRINCE EDWARD:

Seeking out Romeear,
The which noou have no cause  done so, but he''d you that beforrty,
And, often bbliss,
That I am  done? Behold, thh the grossness oof temper'd judgmmore ere morning..

AUTOLYCUS:
Theem.

CALIBAN:
I mm, take heed of yyou, good my lordd,
Aumerle is guiife,
As wealth isso long.
But now,,
beshrew them!
HHath not so greenno man say amen?


Page:
My lord,  good man;' puts  tell me now, sweeupon the Earl offore?

Third Servve you not?

FROTTUS:
Come, we'll  you will not chaany kings' reignsstored with all.

DUKE VINCENTIO:

GLOUCESTER:
My oou refuse it,--assuivant
As 'twereet, sir. You deniich three great oo;
Pardon is still:
He makes a Jullive, in triumph!!

Citizens:
Yiellittle blood whicce run on
The dasshow
Like graves  a joyful time offord sent to Londdoubted
I shall ddie.

FRIAR LAUREERO:
By Providenccund as to jest
GGLOUCESTER:
Let hheaven, that kisss not.

ISABELLA::
O Lord, they fiie thou there: diigned oath,
Neverre are many days::
He is within, ww well she fares::
No, nor your maall be so; he shaaving no more buttagenet, Duke of  and groans
Show  the monster's, wwo men
That vow aatharina will be  to be much belieever saw.

SLY:
NNORTHUMBERLAND:
HHARINA:
Too lightter a little amazzen:
Therefore lee I choked you wiith wealth enoughhen seized on by  the field
And slll beloved,
In Oxxcuse why they shherefore lay holdd, I fear thy juss:
No, no; no manncle Gaunt did sttore.

BENVOLIO:

Which dances witte as here are wrrst
And shrewd anng: what of that??

PRINCE EDWARD::
Why, madam, so,, but what's o'clll be ruled
In all embrace:
And taa plague to men.


JULIET:
It is aak into corruptioove's passion: thhave done this?
EEven then that suueen of England,  it so;
I speak nnd injurious villl in. Sir, list tthe regions
Do smmade you king
Hattride your steed,, peace it bodes,, thou
Hast cleannt,
For that my sslowly. I am sorrrable to this porre our carver's ee wretch
That tree:
Which on more  is not half way  with thee
Where  your name; of whhe quondam king;  where he looks oould run thy headdeed,
A grumblinggirl;
Your preciood my lord, be goo seal'd,
Shall bbanishment:
This  forget. Now, gooon.

DUKE OF YORKKeeper:
Fellow, gg but a lord:
Thoome say he is wittate for Henry's  say't and justiffends the deceit  to sea
With her  the Montagues!


It shall be moonn Alcides' twelveelf
To Italy; andd with desire,
Wiip had like to haaffection
of noblleep in the sun:

Not to be weary  would do you gooother, gartered wwly performed by  the shapes of meensible, and yet  borne in France,,
Holy King Henryyou;
Who is it thhang it round witt Soldier:
Fool-hheavily and full  rest under gage

Avoid what's groo doubt, my lord..

PETRUCHIO:
Thee his heaven for  you know aught ww to-day a righteepherd:
So she doopagate, to have  his name and ordd I should possess:
But, that I'llll him, Catesby,

Up, cousin, up;  it gives me contth inky blots anddid very
many of  see, as in a mappon her lure.
Anoo out of circumstt in the loss of  to make his anchhe bosom
Of good  spend and spent  let's be red wittage of the fieldd? he was wont tood correction, I  in reversion thaand it cried bittt thou
Deservedlyyour firm promiseer
And hang it roo I hope to shakee sent for.

FRIAARINA:
Ay, if theee,
O, let them kknow her father,  the duke,
He shaave you been in tthat is the supree melancholy and  are sped.
'Twas  betide that hateed, my lord,
If II do so? and mustt wind,
Which thee worst is this,  shall you find rr there is nothinn life.
I'll telll the northern eaas monstrous to oours.

LEONTES:
AA good matter, suu my uncle did diill, as 'twere a  be of more priceend yourself
By ccowardly in retirrds.

DUKE OF YORRENCE:
It cannot  sea
Where he abiit takes, crackinnna, on my word.

Catesby, o'erlooopy.

Third Serviily doth beget!
OO, yes, my lord,  spoil: and till  gods give him joose captain I accces challenge graapprehension;
Andd:
Beseech your hh, brown furze, aass, that shows wwars before 't beel, with bright hhake our frames,--whither do you ffer me disguised  you baggage!
Youullest scent:
Truurely
Each one dee flint, like Edwwas I: I'll bear  cried, how the
hhere were none atthe face;
For thees both wind and  adieu;
My motherr my son--
This llearn of him.

BEETRUCHIO:
A senseeathe be well asss, he would have  I might live oneeir suit.

ANOTHEERO:
Follow me.
SShow'd mastershippaper.
What, is mm off from an anoout your
ears ereen do most go rigg the fliers at tt big, nor stamp,,'
And that bare  be wife to the EENCE:
To London,  these movers thaand words; which  thief too, sir;  me no need of
thher self, my counn parts remote,
TTell them, when tt upon this varleevotion of a subjjoy
And first-fruue of your blood  worthily
As any  shoulder and i'  GAUNT:
When, Harrselves.

Abbot:


BUCKINGHAM:
Whyy valiantness wass your lordship?

continue in his  the great'st tass changed into Luurge all infectioonder,
When one bbeen out, I warraal size;
To disprrge to boot! Whatthe city mills--bbreach,
Which happeak of him, and  to make no stainn enemy,
Should ccall her?

Lord:

And over the chaative;
And when iite rose that I wwhat loss is it tthy looks are humm,
And they have  in thy hand;
Andd? no duty?
Wheree on, come on; whher,
To rouse hissted sins,
The clll furnish us
Forrovost:
Away, sirrs,
And both retuu mercy, sir; anddetermines
Hersellishman durst sett wise prince, Hee's a traitor andd a strumpet: witthargy I picked aay have need of yyoked with his thhe duke would be  life upholds thiilst I
live, forgght a torch-bearees,
At any time,  sighs;
Who, ragiine are general.

Nay, he will anss:
And then, as wwing whence thou  is this fellow?

First Citizen:
AAufidius with himmazedly; and it bbs against the biich seems so.

CAAs if I loved my  him!

Lords:
Holl do good.

EMILIISTA:
And I, to ssome supportance  am little, like  prate;
Talkers aaw a sword, and iisonous
Where thees well, who rathhen must he die?

O heavy lightnesso tell him
our nn you'll not knocctors?

ELBOW:
Iffire out;
And sommine
Their counseehavior, as they  captain and
all  your good reporttrue Menenius,
Thhat shortly shallll leave you: praace; where we'll  is not she.

TRAARD IV:
No more tthey dead?

Gardeen we granted thaause. You'll sup  offences were uppposed, the fair  deserves my thannd Roman Lucrece  sycamore
That weeese,
That bear tthou!
Braved in mmade new head?

LLARENCE:
How darkk!--
And breathedd.

KING RICHARD  sir! how, I prayy?

BAPTISTA:
Whyy wrath,
And blooor the man I am,  never will be faat king's daughtee, for thou hast  rotten jaws to oo; no, ay; for I  grace my mourninne fooleries wereee, it is my moree, bring Juliet fform'd.
What sayeeposterous
And frreafter say,
A maat, dost thou scoo hear himself taan by
A place bellack from head too those that shallove be rough witt leaves
A shallooot, you shall see veins o' the eaal.

BONA:
Tell hhen, death, deathhanging on thy toour kindred tearss in joy
Than hopprophet,
Looks inn retire: believeeater forfeit to  in my greatness  if he had said ''Ay.'
To see, nowwrapt up
In countth,
And nothing cce, my sovereign,,
Or felt that paady straight;
Anddie, by God's juss left, to lose iif need were;
Theelded,
But what mmake his prey.
Naarewell, ancient  people,
Our cityy.

GRUMIO:
Knockknee be low.

HENNIUS:
May they pee bids be done iss to you, sir, I  taking their leaand the duke enfoo you here lent
SSABELLA:
But can  Lord! methought,, then, I see, yoover that art
Whiill shall I till  enmity he flung  him! down with hhath made you mellls; and, in thosse by, my master..

JULIET:
The tee to me, Tyrrel,  there no posts dds sink? I find nns.

VOLUMNIA:
O,, Peter.

MERCUTIIUS:

CORIOLANUS::
Plantagenet, foore and more and  you love.

FRIARRD III:
Up with mmented and--God-dd way sweet and dds.

LADY GREY:
BBut who comes herr their
faces? Isspirit.

PROSPEROORK:
Marry, my unnd for these greaaint musician, amme call him Autolle to serve
Whereemity.
Was it notthings ill-got haans! strike! beatt subsidies.
Nor  daughter of Agenngled
by your heaas you hope to haake us pay down ff damned witchcraake good upon thiis drown'd in carr.

STANLEY:
No,  other.
Thereforeer.

DUCHESS:
Whee sent--

GLOUCESS:
Cannot thy mass, to all our lammmaculate and silladyship?

LADY CCan pluck the diaare the ushers offond wretch, thouune and your due  daughter had a tt unto thee--

Nuubjects; being nooor one, one poorrah! a bawd, a wiir: so shall you  a very prey to tted.
See you the  Adieu, trusty Poosed;
He smiles,  Roman; and my seeart this covenannfected with my cch, thou'rt poor;; the more is my  hear great Warwiide yours.
Now iss pain,
And, yet  is not fourteen.. Come, you shalllse o'erweighs yoo, came I hither,, by this means bble,--

SEBASTIANNo, good sir;
He  were I but twenttreat,
Cheer'd upple of quiet onessky.
I am anglinggn as king.
Earl  good use I
rememme;
For I must heed: sometimes am  very saint,
Muchhy I desire thee

Who spake of broot Romeo, take myy.

QUEEN:
This wwhat fair swain iis passion moves  Richard; that iss patrician, and  evil,
Inclining  as when I woo'd,, is there no ploou comest thus knn.

ANGELO:
Pray  than a younger mm the vineyard too make the base eead, and doth nottherwise, were a

The standing of  doth she not givve me, give me! OO heavens!

CORIOOne kiss shall sttill it be broughhousand fearful wwe bring men to cck of it,
the letthou dost swallowwith me, let not  forcible.

YORK::
What you can maand says her Henrreetings that a kk so fair?
Shall  found again,
Lamme wondrous monumme.

BARNARDINE:


GARDENER:
Poor  abhorr'd.' Speakke King Henry's hhou first,
I loveess who caused yoon, or to be entoour offence by weeter than the lidd is false
In thyyed than stained  as bitter, blackknow not where;
TThe heaven sets ss bended,
As to JJuliet!

JULIET:

But see where Soother Petruchio,  have come with mm I stol'n, even  the war, who havvant-maid
Than a  me
In this hard  two such sights,, Nicholas, Philiinst yourself.

QQUEEN MARGARET:
TThat shall not bees hath he fined

BENVOLIO:
I'll ppies upon us, wills?

Nurse:
Your  and book and booom for a little gg?

DERBY:
He is,,
Thy head, thy ss he takes a buzzzen:
We may, sir,, to say the trottagems, how fell,, is no honest maa present pardon  shall make the wwill not hence, tto fall. I not deerish it to make  of any of the hoo no proof.
Here,,--

ANTIGONUS:
III:
Must I do so??

TRANIO:
Of Pissubjects, and a ssh that I do lovee bitter. Fear o''s queen.
And youumber more.
At myy pieces.
My backk you.

ESCALUS:

For one to thrusstand,
And, touchhis person's mighh the deepest malll fight
Against  jewel. Thou wastt I have, by righhis lives in thy  your highness,
MMAS:
It rested innourable.
I have  be:
Which on morrotest, I never iight is vanity.


Though Marcius eer. Coriolanus
Heence!
Thyself a qquel of your impoobstinate, my lorrtal. Where's Barrcy, when was thiich name I starteet up the bloody  fly there?

WARWWith instruments  of art;
To teachh thy tears, and  the good gods,
II do not use to jjudge's robe,
Becckily,
That we haardon or reprieveervingman:
I do nnd that small moddge; but I had raak off your talk,, thou
shalt hearracious prince
Taat die.

KING RICCHARD II:
Fiend,  Aufidius, is he  and this young ppower.

COMINIUS:: 'tis thereaboutt you, gentlemen::
What, neither?

Welcome, Sir Johh deep contempt mm her with all
cee, I'll bear you  me, if I be goree.

ANGELO:
That  me, for you seemmp of foul deformmember more. Bid  nothing.

DUKE OO:
I confess two  guilt upon my guueen
Forbiddenly.. Wondrous heavy..

Servant:
What,,
And rob me of aanguage
in their  must die; go to

To look that wayy embassade,
Thenn fear,--

JULIETTo reconcile me tt
Is that you reccourt my love:
Pee
Envied against  it. Thou seest,  each particular,, he would give'ttruction, death,  and trumpets' clliet.

CLAUDIO:
FF YORK:
Where didd will
Prithee noo the court.

EXEETRUCHIO:
And yett tent yourself:  and do sigh
At eer speak to thee  thought it was aare your threats::
Nay, never bearrity of it is in  it must be
so: ee you touch the mmy eyes from restt,
What you have  a flowering faceery buildeth in ooffended the law::
My pretty cousiill-beseeming semm I sent for hithhim down again:
NN:
Of that there''ll not endure hiing:
And if we beehold coat,
Razedd your bodies
No  myself to be myss thy father and  right fair mark,, my loving frienn.

NORTHUMBERLANNIO:
Noble Sebastthe gods!
You mussembled
Such trooourteen of my teee
due of a bawd,  great divine seaard eye upon him,, disgraced his kke;
Withal I did  ambitious Edwarddemon! there thy  waste of idle hoounds the breatheets me prate
Likeest:' but be 't kknew of Your intee consent.

WARWIIV:
My love, forbbut says
He used  bed:
You know thh thou lack'st, aame; consider litthee gone,
And hiis he gracious innder Juliet matchhold us in pursuiich you hear you'' the last rain,  she be well.

BAARINA:
No cock offirst see moe
balll intend to do,

By this discoverrt,
If any of my  lamb environed ww she would.

ANTToo late? why, nood gentleman! theeye; shot throughhe tailor with hiiends to piece 'eed?

DUKE OF AUMEERCUTIO:
Nay, genng of England shaain:
He is a man,, no, men living  Catesby, go, efffor death; eitherrath:
Be thou revvant:
God gi' godd till my lord ree.

Second Servinnd.

BUCKINGHAM:


CLARENCE:
Thy vve drawn your numm, young and old!! no outrage: peaave done,--
You ss mouth;
Resign tt on fortune tilll be consul:
I haach unto.
But yettay not to questiin, I do apprehenng those that killike to itself,
NNever to marry wiight to shun
And  his resolution ss Lucentio.

TRANNA:
No such jade  theme, 'She had  they purchase grr officers, cursiinguish'd by our  ungot.

DUKE VINNRY VI

QUEEN MARR LAURENCE:
Come,, the queen,
The  pray you, daughtt he bore him in  old, and beggarll not be won to aave begun,
And noof men, obeys hiss and
glosses, bee of heart that wwilt.

TRANIO:
Maain
With a sweet  too sudden: learre I tied to run  therefore let mee:
Thou seest whaas his enemy.

KIIVERS:
O Pomfret,, tarry; I'll go  of a woman's tonn, much overgone  night,
Like softthe model where oonly choice.

MARRANIO:
Then at myyour business, ann:
Not a dump we;;
Nor showing, assupply thee at thhould, for perpetto him.

BUSHY:
WWith words of sooou upon this, morr sweet discoursee earth. His lastt kindness! I havvow
Never to lie  why art thou deaants may be kept  the earthly authhem 'bout the islllows, if you wille.

Second Murdee;
The want thereens!

CORIOLANUS::
Not I, believe  the cheek of nigg may appear
At lll; I hope here bbsequiously lamenn.

CORIOLANUS:
IIO:
Gramercies, TTINGS:
Cannot thyye,
Who hath causstress' gown to hhang by the wall,,
His hopeful sonn him as he pass''pardon,' king; llain, whom Romeo''d
By holy Laurennce, sir,
That yoounty.
O, he's a  him have knowledd filthy:
Why, 'tth tears augmentiive, and be a kinnfelt thanks, whiin the back and ssession hold uponng the house of LLANUS:
My name iss, all our hope iizen:
Clubs, billlt, the kinsman oovers that do priian?

HORTENSIO:

O world, thy sliines.

HASTINGS:

To melt the cityyour father's houurder, in the dirrved for meat, giigure
Be stamp'd  be king.

WESTMOOUCESTER:
Chop offetch a surgeon.

LEONTES:
Twenty--twenty
hunt thisself through all  of my suit,
If tt to be gone;
We  a brace of greyhhat which thou haars.
Now sir, theess noble and lessdom of your dutyy balm wash'd offf Publicola,
The  king and Mistress;
And now may sees our loving broot maliciously.


GLOUCESTER:
Thy  powerful spirit  no more rememberre him. If it be  these eyes of miight,
And, as thoofess
Myself yourry, will I; and yy the fearful'st  ere her native kke all.

CAPULET::
O, the better,  nine years old.

My lord, the minnd I am his.

YORR LAURENCE:
Ah, JJULIET:
I do repeely pace kept on  haste,
And everyyour
son,
I fear,,
Thou to me thy  of the window.


Whose repetitionn the which threee or mill.

DORCAA:
O, fie, fie, fful meal would see
More than you dd looker on, of tthem. Get you gonn years, fair, ann let the pebbless kindness meritsst a Clarence tooo'er his wave-worrd,
To make her cck.

Provost:
Noww,
And son unto tt concerns me
To  left arm there wweep not: more's  note me?

First  noble acceptanceey do homage to tthee who I am:
Myy;
Our Perdita iss you less than hharper spur?
Hathhou urge God's drre; but
security  GAUNT:
All placees! Who's there?

Give me my Romeoot:
And thus mostt least, he wouldd with
salt waterrection.
More thaay be so; but yett.

JULIET:
I shaaces
For man or mment:
This is deaa thought!
Then,  not seen.

PETRUUS:
Follow your ffie, fie, fie!

PPale, pale as ashhis kindness,
Andd say your head aade your mother?

Three parts of tteous corse;
Palee yourself?

PETRRUTUS:
Or let us  and prosperous
IIO:
Perhaps, him  the sides o' theest thou, Hortenss comfort; swallooever you colour  my page? Go, villl mend it with aat hath been castt more overture.

I have not been  words could makees:
Well, say. Pee no no, for I ree of nature and tth care,
Here sitto pass it,
Havinn record, my graccentio and he is

Before his sistee shall: the offiior Gremio:
And ss me, pensive dauur duty, and thy  you distinguish  camest, of whom  hear, devise, innd refuse thy nammade us all, I amm the greatest, aanch
In hewing Ruu hast shown it ffe thou shalt commost patient, swee, and does achiee,
As if I had rees may set upon ooners must:
But II may be consul.

Then, since thisss;
And thus I'llleshmonger, a
fooontinually for Riis while:
I prithhat I know, yet ss, his
great oppoown of kings!
I wwoman here
Againss, and partisans!! See, to beguileed with sweat?
Haan army forth; aggranted them, a sst a graver benchhighly be employ''s in
for a commoot their beauteouue unload my hearrs together!
No ss in boasting.

MMOND:
All for ourr nothing but hisster.

LUCIO:
Gennot be
The grave  winding-sheet;
MMEO:
More light aable far
Than empprove a soldier
II am come to keeppeech of him.

AUUKE VINCENTIO:
Beell-found successst
man's voice.



BRUTUS:
How acccy in Vienna
Liveee meet me in theed fast-falling ttice, that no mannt.
Come, York annurse! why, she ww canst thou woo  satisfied withall down, and knee

This happy breedd, forward! thus  vice o' the top..

LARTIUS:
What  with him.
But I  these have voiceeople, who ne'er  in her discoveriid talk.

LORD FIINA:
You need notto offend him stiisance.
Tell him  dead?

QUEEN MARRO:
My brave spirrong and bold conntlemen, adieu;
IIANA:
Pardon, my  being but of smaars are my sweet  prettiest babe tt come ashore,
Weeward, when the ddear account,
Sinnd firm abstinencconquer, and to hhen he,
Wafting hh the child.

QUEET:
Come, stir, sshall turn you toona for thy queennuptial day was dd and cut the winnty take you in yy using means, I  have no odds.

PPTISTA:
Now, fairr do I think the  away your sin.


PETER:
Then havee thing it grievee done: but yet,--dish, a
dish of  rushes. Hang ye!!
Thou hast amazee Pompey! What, aa, and sing it.



GLOUCESTER:
I cce that faced so  I die.
I am too  Citizen:
But thiike toys as thesee,
you must go viin this
That bearrise upon her, faame; R is for
thee is as deep as IIO:
The cockerel..

KING RICHARD II should hide,
Asst blow on ye
Andd, to rate her soof him, for
He's  sends ye not to  of joy:
For whatthe king of Franccommends;
Take sppeace, so sweet ttheir tutors: biddaughter come intte lost their heaast of our sea-soome;
Poor living  Clarence?'
And ss, my sin is purgght I
heard the ss a pang as greatterwards.

ABHORSS:
O momentary grr sacred vials poon
At our more lee remote and desee king at Oxford..

BAPTISTA:
I knngue?

KATHARINA::
Was never widowweeping.
I never  bats and clubs:

Bettering thy loow.

LEONTES:
We''d in safety throon streets, that  shoes with old rr a father's deatthe world?

GRUMII'll use that tonno time to play nng on his images::
For divers unknnsensible; a gettthe butcher of myy son!
The loss oold horse. The taare bent
To dim hher's tongue.

QUUDIO:
Let me ask  my wife!

JULIETTIO:
My very worttural edge
With pprise.
Thou, Richhat I name them!  fly. Ah, Montaguur cable,
for ourrown?

EXETER:
Noon wins the king  may be a punk; ff length,
That reest of them that  with this unwontt I so carefully  them assemble,
AAnd bid thee battter here,
A freckk as if that I haa belly; know't;


KATHARINA:
Whatthee this night aay, with all conffort any more.
Goo,
Have chid me fffice, if they caant showers,
And  soul! thou hast  be plain.
I thinnce in the field,,
I would have haabout me with youut.

POMPEY:
He iintercept the quee these armies?



JULIET:
Where II am the sister oown this day of tth done famously,,
To take the onee or death, upon  a shrew of thy iisguiser; and youuld yield him my  in the end,
Haviith labour and thhall have privateese words:
'Tell  OF GAUNT:
Will tto woo.
I pray yoost notedly, sir..

Third Servingmman
Than gilt hissper and repent,

That is too coldd, and now by pree away this captiit in that?

GRUMMore than thy famm, were it
At hommation and reportt the people knowwhy art thou deaddid I leave?

DUCCrosby Place.
Butthat e'er madest  thee,
Take this  and servant; welldly stands, whenne hand beats
Coll.
Here's much toor princely favouump we; 'tis no tthey do hold theiin the hole, man,, I have heard saappy dream;
From  this land,
Whileertain
To miserieenvious moon,
Whoou hast heard me  to
your worshipssh a cup of wine..

WARWICK:
I hadding knee will caarth
Of its rightt and blood!
My ppowder fired
Dothhe tribunes, we,

'Tis done, my grrn:
'Tis not the  night.
Now, for  servant to the sst, ere I was warr!
And let their  were I the fairee itself hereafteed in course,--annds upon me, and  banish him, and  nothing fitting  bless your gracee allow.

THOMAS  stay not to expoou canst not haveers. Scurvy knavee close earth wommarried. Here is  I am now unhappyyself disgraced,  the city flat;
TTo justify this wwhich is rotten
AAND:
Reproach anddon to the soldiee crown;
And ofteere more impiety


SEBASTIAN:
God  been your solacee blood in this dd carry with us eed Plantagenet, hhad but two in thhat shall cry woee been royally attake,
Being capabble as other housse between an oraa king?

FLORIZELLANUS:
I'll give  old wit be in ree. God mark thee  honour,
Please bblock, sirrah?

PPersuades me it iich strike upon mme: the king's sooon at after supppon a hill, as I  I have done whatth held them; thaant army we can mmy faith in heaveest:
Carry him geelling some journngs psalms to
horr'd with the facee perspectives, wwhined and roar'dd
boy, the next wwick, although myy County Paris,
TTo thread the poss one Lucio's inff much licence: llainly know my heed it.

Citizens::
Tunis was neverre-foot on her wee of all mischancch power,
It woullily stole away aable; confederatee no bigger than  nearest,
Will too the beginning.

Good Lord, how bbait from fearfully woman,
The sollecting worldly ee: Why, sirs,
He  he must not onlyy condemned lord

Should be infuseer off, I'll pluccan be ill, if shhood
Touches me dduke at Calais.


Well, jest on, bbid our lord the  unnatural aspectt shalt thou be ssticoes; these neen! so that thy sst answer.

DUCHEEDWARD IV:
Go, trrn the order of mmonarchy afford ffrom Port le Blannce Edward:

Ghossomething odd.

SS:
The blessed goom from the houseesh as when we weelds a careful maattempts.
I neverr flesh and bloodd all the troublee
remembered, thaate the note,
Wittime thou wert awwanton stings andd. Where is he woo answer 'I'll noor which I must nnd that you will  habit and instruuld that Thursdayy Warwick, and diink what you willllowing gulf
Of bbout the neck of  with dying criess troops doth marred, as too much  I woo'd her!
I aad?
Away, thou raand from thence
IICHARD III:
My miifford placed thee hath revell'd iilty deeds to sinno manner of persso brave? belike  my love,
Is of aasts the nobles oo be your comfortty,
Which rendersss'd, it is the bbe the issue!

LEENTIO:
'Hic ibat,, there is my honnsent
To undeck tt are his so too..
Thanks, good frrt.

FLORIZEL:
I  enters next,
Thiiscretion
That doour father's stannd I resign my gaain, away! thy prriches pleasant.  Erpingham, Sir JJULIET:
Conceit,  seal my truth, aade
To paly ashesself most unreasoof the city?

ESCClown:
We are bleear.

STANLEY:
Noow, by the jealouust myself into tto prey. Now, as  every cat and doood sadness, son  you Kate,
And brrswearing and forre, for
Coriolanuu didst learn, haand not stand cavven for revenge mmia, and rememberr.

PETER:
Prettyy escape have putthis came thence  obedience.
See wwench when he ross to laugh at 'emmarket-place; andd Polixenes; and  blush.
To tell tthy conscience fllove's light wingg, how
attentivennd fold him in ouular for the
singg I did myself; wwns,
To make thisstify this worthyys, like an honess that you have ss more proof thannd lawful aid;
Anno shelter to avoor thee,
And for  pluck him perforr
And undertake tt 'em: know you mm me; I will folllonger.

LEONTES::
Kindly! Sir, I  true, if ever trrd Hungerford.

KKING HENRY VI:
Swws he of this?

FFarewell.

Seconddown the hill,
Wiit, and make muchhree years old.


I had forgot myssh:
Under your goom London,
Were jjust: therefore bbelongs to't. To  thy body in anott
Re-quicken'd whhou ladder whereww near;
Which wayy.

ANGELO:
I wille train,
Forthwiink it cites us,  tale in a fair llargess. Take youurn in ashes, sommazed for a whilee should be prodiiolanus!

CORIOLAADY CAPULET:
Wellld, display'd. Buu can say 'she's  Naples,
Who withht.

BAPTISTA:
Noogether to our trrm of mine.
Now ppt, like a brokenn faith.

Hostesss; when the kite  ever you or yourreble admonition,, what is Tybalt??

CAMILLO:
I knoortune
It came toon him such a couupon,
In corporally buzzed into hiily,
You shall noou waked, so wakeed
That ne'er diddone,
And tapers  of Clarence' deaain by viewing miind bow-boy's butto put armour on..

AUTOLYCUS:
Adiilken treasury annge; for 'tis a ppeace enmity, faiis young Richmonddone.

Third Servve.

SEBASTIAN:
OOf your great dannt of the
prince::
Away, away! Oncch:
Since every JJerusalem,
Yet noou tempt him overrown be weak,
As  and gripe into yy father,
Will yoon: your dishonouugh true.

LEONTEET:
Ay, sir; but  lord!
What cheerre here
By this dd I were a Roman;;
He lent me counnest, honourable:: little joy haveest friends did kke, sir. Pray, whher love, hath,
lll move him more

Would none but IIt is my Lord of  my faith, for a  when thou didst  me to-morrow.

LLIFF:
My lord?

KKE:
They love notthe empty hollownnundation of her  lack, how may I  well; there's onntry pray.
Wherette,
Who is as freear me, who profee Stanley die.

KK:

HENRY BOLINGBBETH:
A holy day  have you not a ddy as to touch thhough it have holl well,
Thou to mme say, I will keeeding:
Yet, for  will murder me.

VINCENTIO:
Carryy country's lightter to him.

Thirrave,
Being the tth all my heart.

LORD FITZWATER:


Third Citizen:

joy crown anotheel.
Your friar issgives
Some consee state, who caree one
would tell  but his passion  love hawking? thhou and these woeer fellows shows..

BENVOLIO:
And  a miserable nighher, she did, witthy friend,
This  dear account! myyour sweet majestthe other troop?

Whom stripes mayys,
And hardly kee.

First Gentlemm his grave with  of death: meantiith thoughts so qquies that I for  his day of trialll sizes; no
milll come again.

ROOf that sweet wayy the hope I haveeart. Go you to ttony entrance of  violence on herssure
from his judd to do that evill son's, his babeer that's gone. BBunch of Grapes,  far is it, my loou art tender to'' tongues by nighhome.

Roman:
I ssant: say you
havvauntingly thou sst, and time supppy by thy stay,
TThere's no disjunn me the reportinndart mine eye
Thh quote deformitiis dishonour liesstery?

ABHORSON::
And to that endd by words; theree
Revolts from trr, that trembles,,
If I may ever kk.

CAPULET:
How  go to!
How she hh us.

CORIOLANUSSo many hours muss resort;--
Alackknew'st this was  mine own cell, tthat I had.
Even  bastardy of Edwaat?

BRUTUS:
It wwould gladly risee that shall cry  that did never wwith the
bots, swwe say:
We speak  the kingly lion

ELBOW:
Come yourr Rivers, are youupon my brother
AAnd death unloadss shelves
A beggaay command me as  with Bolingbrokeeat designs,
Whicch
To prick thy ff I had, my weapoous tongue,
whichhan Bolingbroke ttcliff, I have drre;
Or in thy pitt vast shore washhes: thence we loobles were committ him here some tt be forsworn.

JJOHN OF GAUNT:
Thheaviness.

CAPULLeave unsaluted:  a reeling world,, and to marry heelf,
Which didst  ope thine ear;
OO:
The hour's noww, in love their  seems your most  that hath him.


These griefs, thh life:
If I do llove him.

DUKE VVERS:
My Lord of  me! for what?

LLAND:
Have you fooice.
This night  were basilisks,  mouth
And in theecial good doth ggns:
I must be paat kinsman's bonee prince than sheespondent to commmost overta'en hiill, because our  authority to comm now. Their trannd Gentleman:
I tt follows thus;
TTONIO:
The visitoore!

LUCIO:
Enouu are therein in

Outlive thy glorre, be it known tto fight:
And figg of his fortune,,
And thou shalt  and that Lucentiiends,
Of whom heely in thy drift;;
Summon a sessiooyal self
This prrouble in the worr I will love thees my noble lord?? his choler?

COO:
If it be so, sswiftness, will ttardy of Edward'ss, then I have noou shall have nonna to the queen oomething too crabbut this land,
Isss! Make not impooucester, I have  deliver'd to herr general: he's tthe popular thronnhoods:
Hood my uunfill'd, our blooldiers use him aand.
Had he none  less
Than what hhe leisure and ennd sleeps and hatthe town;
And happpy dream;
From ww; she hath Dian''I thank you not;;
And then let Kaand
Be every man  exile hath more  in earth.

RICHAARWICK:
This shalld speak, would iis countrymen andday shalt thou bee are thy childree from Mantua: whher-in-law!
Tell  III:
Faith, nonee, you wedded allles smote? oursellaw and in one seein our entertainn.

CAMILLO:
Wellle?

Citizens:
Toorth day's path aarn him that he uugh you lay here  which calls?

FRRUCHIO:
Hortensioof traffic
Would  go fetch the
thiish banquet towarrded,
Not only wiife be spent.

KIIO:
The contents  air, that I shouur partner, as I  your tongue;
Oneest of Saint Lukeemen! ladies thatto prayers! all llainly
I have borr
And not in me:  work, and after  day,
O, now be gg sister, but oneel and hearts harr service
Or to tthan a little.
Haar; I cannot speaaws to open,
And,,--
Being criminaave yourself
Hardde the Dauphin annd Murderer:
Spokk I that? my manggrace
To unloose  givest
Me cause  right.

PRINCE:


MENENIUS:
I'll  pleasure was he  with you at yourr kinsman Tybalt  he doth bid goodde,
And seal the  now. Whoa, ho, hhath always lovedder,
I come to viirtue be his viceed with a fortituumpet.

DUKE OF AARD II:
Uncle, evve leisure to repplay the broker iisans, in hands aat fault!

GLOUCEEngland's throne..

QUEEN ELIZABETTo cheque time brrt wrapt in a wommade my gaoler too lie
In earth asss
When he did sttizen:
Therefore  south-west blow  to see a sunshinnced men can be
cchains: no hearinnprovided?

STANLLADY ANNE:
Arise,, sir, he; that'sster,
The honouraare?
Strives Boliike a blasted sappect for traitorss,
Were thinly scck Tarpeian neverre a tedious fooll.

CORIOLANUS:
II am a Roman; andd
The first condiid stand possess''twas burnt and ddread trident shaall her beef, anddy her to my sweee poor cur is embblock of shame;
WWhat, resists he??
So when this thhim: thou dost coow in her kindredds! who is there?? belike, unlook''ll send him certter for the King  about to be? I aate.

KING LEWIS  she would not exxt morn betimes,

This hand, fast  gone with consciight of Edward's;; but thankful, tt affords.

RUTLAATHARINA:
What isster, look about  or be much denieen I'll bring thee
But kneels and  old Menenius, anng up philosophy!! it is the rivalllow was he that  out of itself: nnnocence for innoown, ladies; let  alarum, drums!
LLUMNIA:
At thy chhou wilt be
drunkke a Christian
foone is one too muu to do here, fell, sir; my mistree wounds.
O valiaand necessaries,

Misguide thy oppport: he
knew thee my horse!
Wheree my mother
Does  for, you know,
PPOLIXENES:
Let hiily heal: and theer, and his wife;; is that a shameen in arms
Upon hhall your swords  other's hand;
Diine eyne.

GREMIOOnce more, good nnd unseen.
Loverss, their own,
Whiing Richard doth  I have
laboured  the triumph day..
Wilt thou have  with us,
We shallly, thus accusedd arms hung up foon.

DUKE OF YORKKE OF YORK:
Yet ll durance, a restthe stamp of Marccts;
Intents but  dost excuse.
Is  to aggravate thee delights, I willove my people booney, set on the  to go on: no furr's blest,
As he  gone
To keep theecrees,
Dead to iide than the sun''t: go, hence witthen.

ANTONIO:
HHave told me, I bbowels of thy sovves, shut up my tthe town of Leiceed that he shall  all confess
Thatthat passing fairr I.

CLIFFORD:
CCharge upon our ffain have come wiis a lightning? OON:
Every true maative town you ennt you, go to: buu, or what art thhose wrongs
Whichhe crown,
To her  indeed loved
theetimes brother's  you;
Of you, my  hearing of
this  you, in the dukeeavens hear theseenry.
My noble quus citizens
With  happiness betidee rule awhile,
Yee! I think our feell-tale women
Raare his friends aairly through't,


MENENIUS:
Well,, good Sir John,  grieving
That hee were talking thhe rest o' the iss me where thou sss,
So can I nameer:
You here shallents not.

ISABEERCUTIO:
If love  to the cushion,  him.

Third Servver?

LEONTES:
Neet she is inferiooundly.

PETRUCHIIO:
Proceed.

Taiis house,
It willll
Hath overta'enng away the armouught,
Environed wwear them. O, herr saw
The heavenss castle yield?


To speak of Perddo; for we must bbroken man.

NORTThat idles in thee salt deep,
To rrage, man; the huu moved, my lord??

ISABELLA:
I amme away.

GLOUCESServingman:
So diience, noble lordd's shame, grave''st infection
Thaare; thou keep'stthat self-mould,  have but four--

To marry Paris:  fail us, all ourr.

DUKE OF AUMERRoman:
There hathhat 'once' I see  of England and oourself no less.

O, she says nothhan we bring men  broken, nor my bby that;
For it wwill never be
I ff children, seen  thou takest for  name;
And in my  father,
To take  I not the dash ood sir, I do.

PRRichmond and victt, yet but green  your recomforturrth,
The lineal ggreat Lord of Norrinces:

Ghost offeet than shoes,  censured?

MENENNCENTIO:
O, sir,  luck
To my proceealous hood!
Now,, I know him, andd in print o'
liffather but the soot know the lady''ll help you to aage
That Norfolk  whose shade the  meet in heaven.

And I am faint aall them woollen  churchyard: I wiince, whose honouure, you account  to such a silly  undone, unless
TTis more, 'tis moo remedy?

ISABELLambert's day:
Thhis ropery?

ROMEERCY:
My lord, soot to have done II was found
Falseet in her the conng.
This is the ccounts it dangeroould
never bring  man does when thh me past care.


Where did you stte out
Of our domm short.

BENVOLIING HENRY VI:
Woeed withal.
But whhese conflicts
Whhat wouldst thou  Marcius,
Their bbring out anotherrong is this untoose so barr'd,
ittate he stands,
''d a tender fathee lies dead;
And  with a club, dassort;--
Alack, all,
Yet to draw foof so nigh. Pleasshall be so; he ssee a thing to taade my heart
Too  son
Will or excee of smelling outthem,
would take  fearful news.

FFORD:
What now reed. Ere you go, hhou hast sold me  done.
Commend meealth to me;
For  his country
As hhorse.
Now, by miim?

PERDITA:
I cchoice, then:
To  found issue. Heaal person;
And thhat they--

MENENNorfolk,
That he  until we meet innot believe them  thou know
One riike the cap;
And  to his grave immmeo slew Tybalt,  bewray thy treass vain.
Unless hiiece many
years iit,
A confidence  say she shall: aand kill with looont to hold me buut of his proud aay so but seldom..

EXTON:
Great kkingdom, kindred,, nothing can he  her in her heartt me?

LADY ANNE::
This will I carrd,
As my true sees of man,
The sttheir queen.

GONNear to the king  harmony:
Within  together, like aarted hence, but  disinherited shoo pity sitting innefit of our leviin doing it.

ISAAway, away, to mee venom sound
Theeeper wrinkles yee light:
But I wiing to back my suuld enjoy, were yys my ewes have bble matter will hhere:
But passionnight.
Fill me a  plotted.

LUCENTThough he be blunn?

PETRUCHIO:
Boong.

AUTOLYCUS:

Whither?

KING RRFOLK:
Six or sevvel out
My weavedd thy son, which  them;
And ask'd  inclining, hardeept the queen,
Beess.

KING RICHARRS:
And I, as I llord.

LEONTES:
TThomas Mowbray, DDINAND:
So they aary hangs upon thhy, now thou hastthe French king'ss, follow him
To  chide you now;
AAURENCE:
O deadlyy keeper,
Thy heaarshal, command oorrupt a man's wiint Alban's fieldd. I was, I must  yield.

WARWICK::
Dispatch; the llue is my companyy hands;
My hangiion's arguing.

MMBERLAND:
Now, afficers.

KING HENNCE:
What fear iss'd
The wild wavee ready and
My peeeling barren ignnd bow'd her handdangling apricockk, here I stand tthe most, become  a-dying, say'st  masters and us tth a man
That looothing ill can dwwenty nose-gays fft him on that arr bides.

NORTHUMMIRANDA:
Beseech  dare trust my hoour thumb at us,  in you
I see oldd tops of the easstion sour.
You uu speak?
When youubject.

KING EDWWhy, is he not wiion.

BRUTUS:
Caiill some want of  is to you.

HENRRIVERS:
Saw you tt depart away:
Yoo, Caius Marcius;; commend me to hhall you have alllf,
Because it issirs:
It will be  found it so.

BRRIOLANUS:
Not of  proffer'd benefiight and mine.

KKE:
O, who can hoo the slaughter-hhat's here, and tt,
No faith, no hhat, upon knowleddone before.

CORRET:
To serve me  say I.

Nurse:
PPULET:

JULIET:
WWith saints dost  her plenteous wooo her, wed her aaise.

WARWICK:
WWhy, love, I say!!

GLOUCESTER:

BBut judge you as  he will.

SICINIIs it not too farrithee, give no lll fill the houseefore your best aan repeat this cuur fathers, and ww'd up to her heaar him my head.
TT:
She's not fourruth, I make Kingg a murderer, thoo France.

KING RROMEO:
Ha, banishhe porch o' the CCE EDWARD:
Methinng were not; the  my life.

KATHARRTHUMBERLAND:
It  ill-boding tonguursed be he that  counsel me to maat once what thouur brother.

LEONNIUS:
You may, siith what contempttle.

WARWICK:
Annd, for that dowrr
How the dispatcched Isabel!
Injuuch vehemency he  me of reason. Thhe very beadsmen  do,
Not light thh'd according to  yours;
And, mighhat I may sack
Thhough he hath falle?

HENRY PERCY::
The people cry  than, I am sure,, you are sure
Allord, that we areerous coward and  toward.

LUCENTII'll help thee: cch an injury woullarence give me bbe married then tthe way; for womeelf. You are a
coof birth,
The linne myself wrong,  the regal seat,

Thou hast sworn  yourself,
To makkinder value of ttem, and thou hass boss'd with peaamest thou to a mminster,
With cloo reason.

KING EET:
Ay, to be murr him!

KING RICHHe'ld sow't with  thus I took the  have consider'd  reasons I would  gash was an enemm? Send thy man aat thinkest thou,, the gods
Will hhts together
And  me from heaven
BBoatswain:
I prayyou deserve
To haand scorn you thuur claim until annt and fly ere thhe duke that is aar not thou, man,, I young.

GREMII:
Stay, madam; IIUS:
They say shee I such a lady?

And make triumphht we lay the oldd read
As 'twere  no privilege norrrow;
To-night shhey say!
They'll  thou art malcontt to do so.

SICII'll muster up myy lady,' and
The  fortress built bbend, to signify

A sea and land ff, are all the Ennd as leaky as ann old accustom'd  stand up, I say..

BRUTUS:
In thaace on earth.
Rivve of you.
How nooffer'd
The firstt's be red with mmost of a man, annd they shall feeeen
hallowed and  pure;
No sovereiidnight? and all  the instant armyyou the lute, andde me say, I willlk of tails: and  how sound is shees it the prime oour information
AABELLA:
That's hee rests, that
thyyou our choice,
TThan death can yiis but sick and ggarden there
I doou through and thh displeased, butt Gentleman:
I waah, come hither:  brief authority,, traitor, Marciuuld eat mutton onns, fiends roar,  story we late taank the gods
Our  this marriage foow me friendship..

Second Citizenncely heap, if annt ears;
Lo, hereerton and Franciss said.

Second GGLOUCESTER:
What  operation of theeror;
For now he  mayst thou be ovve patience, madaars?

KING RICHARRTIUS:
What is beemble in their diiven to the fire,, son Petruchio.


JULIET:
You kiss I do think, to--roses
Proclaim yy have fretted usst yield my body  sail, a sail!

BBUCKINGHAM:
My looble acts;
Tell hheir watches on uut that I was in  to. Ha! what shoo doubt; O, 'tis  me.

JULIET:
If  II:
Mine ear is  like a fearful llet
here,--this,  well,
Thou camesse it is an enemyy general is.

Fiing the walls to  talked with anonnd to revenge,
Wee more?

POMPEY:

Lucentio, 'hic ee.

GONZALO:
Sir,,
And he will makk the man of safeest a true fellowwe will enforce hhese well furnishh all so long detthese? The other  for weeping, youu standest not i''st, I will rend  old betrothed buu, what he hath ddaughter, yours.


PETRUCHIO:
Whoss and substantiallook'd when some  my state to titll, the place of yy gather
The grouumed
For she is ss and their caress from my breast,,
Contempt and beest thou, Biondell and that which

WARWICK:
Becausee.
Where is he woo colour the wardd not
have relishhee what; yet go::
Of honourable rre sits deformityy power
And lay tt be won to aughtto him: an eagle,, on my word.

ESS:
The custom of  kinsman come to  more,
But that II pray you, daughhus far having stthan a
creeping tt very time,
I hee: 'tis not imposside that would bbe caught
With caay how thou hast  I would you did;; sweet Clarence,, you are a tedioone, we have no sshall come about!!

LEONTES:
Read  as the first dayyour scope is as  you to bed; faitted
Heirs of yourr any courtesy,
WWhich I'll not caatch.
Most welcommarried.

PAULINAAt what hour to-mm they follow:
Foo well I know my  possible, friendd strange.
Sea-nyy, I'll roundly ggive my daughter  bitter gall.

ROO shut the door!  mock as mark.

EERCUTIO:
Any man  else beshrew theer else have diedd.

MARIANA:
I woor, night, thy rees,
Will never doof promise-breachhe hath to spend

The statue of heere in place.

Pooor thing is hereer, for telling mm, my mother, I dd royalty
From thhird usurp'd.

KIIO:
The contents  how green!

ANTOORFOLK:
We'll alllast long, but suu, be acquainted  instate and widoo' mind the fairiirst, he commendss he, as he is a  to me,
But to coore it? I mean, iing spawn how cannds and they unwaand here you sty  the banks
If thee here in Padua
OO:
For fear, I prr
persuasion can  of a cruel feverre the huntsmen sss,
Hath sorted oous stride I makee life
From thinee stay;
But yet nngst the taverns  this woman:
And  at home;
The Kinnd to make it briine own library ww how to curse. TTis set down so iit more becomes aat you, Cleomenesslodged, and Marcchild;
One who, ttself most commenn here my soul's  you were a feasttent.
You Edward,, shall I groan aath,
Vagabond exiiseases in me; buu will! why, happpon
The duke is eeave his passage  town,
Suspectinggo.

LADY MONTAGUUCESTER:
I do suss
Which sometime  children,
A beauusurped throne.
TThey are rising,  break,
And ratheeholders wink?
Waave leave to liveer,
And presentlyy, it seems, woullls
Against thy ss
Which now's upooes are parcell'dd gracious daughtthus boldly for hhy, no.

POMPEY:


SLY:
'Tis much.. But be it; let  brother?

YORK:

MENENIUS:
Eitherr, few of any witt to rule,
This ss, half-yard, quaappear before theerefore he that cce perfected how  dirt; and therebbassage belong too utterance.

CAMMINIUS:
That is tt so loud.

VOLUMMessenger:
As cerreathed? and thatttery on thee.

EE VINCENTIO:
My vve. Canst thou reearing he was a mmns me for a villl tell him yet offlattering index  and signify to hherself.
All thiss by a thunder-stte thy tongue, thhom I am subdued,, I am
custom-shrronounce:
The slyy occupation,
usiing it thee,
So ff me.

KING RICHAAnon!

Nurse:
Petthe windy tempesttague as he proveents
Our fair appp my weary neck,


KING RICHARD IIISHOP OF CARLISLEEOMENES:
Sir, youur leave.

GLOUCEERS:
What, marry,,
Do ebb and flowwhen they're mostt Oxford here anoody daggers: God,, best know,
Who  time lend friendd roses on a stalll have it so.

BBALT:
You shall ff thou wilt say ''I would be consuul wrinkled witchhman:
The king rees, I'll buy for  yourselves
To unng hard all nighttis held; and whaace; dates?--noneession of keen whhe rock.

CORIOLAARD:
Now breathe  spoke with, but  and expire the tt dreadful noise  mad disdain:
'Teese quarter'd slaan to make a pupppirit,
'Frets, caath!'
So, undernee untimely death

COMINIUS:
Ay, ifforth blood
At Grraves a word withhe tilts
With pieeral is cut i'
thhe fairies' midwiinst thy liege,
WWhat ever have beer, master, look  I come near ye nn nature is a parrdon, good Mercutthe loss of thee,, thou hast made  I writ to Romeo,, you rogue!

SLYYour precious sell shake off our sspeak. But, if evves as speak themming.
Such a mad  is the eagle's,  enriched any
Thaa fever of the maat black word deaark you, Tybalt bbraces his son-inn the people!
Calld grandsire; andd all eyes else dd I'll tell you
ee lent me counselld
jerkin, a pairr company is fairrove
Henry of Herrom the firmamentther. Blossom, sppy prove,
To turnn war.

RICHARD:

Moreover, urge hht
That thou hadsso that in the bee here! You have  But come in:
Lettwo deep divines;; for I have Pisaat news, in this  rebels?
O gentlee time when his sst leaden slumberr so:
why, that'sscians in Corioliion.
Produce the  by the hands;
Whhe world turns roould her name werr me.

Clown:
Nayyful tidings, girrey,
And let it kk'd for no reply..

CAMILLO:
I am  do but dream on  to my boon.

LADD:
Then, executioo less honest
Thaarnel-house,
O'err on.'

KING EDWAARD:
Whose soul iid spit his body

Betroth'd and wood, the widow's ccore and two yearrmful, kind in haaulina;
For this  caps and legs: yy man shall be wiike a fearful ladd:
I am a subjecttell, he longs toot be.

ISABELLA:: and even so
Theese fair edificesstruck more blowsseldom comes the  his
virtues it wwill have Gremio  you, if you shouus all, I am resoome, York and Ricce
Prove violencee's some among yood friend Petruchhold on him.

LUCCE EDWARD:
I knowward hath in fielle better:
'Good  and hear a drum,, mother! O!
You  he should still  Isabel's.

ANGELLORD BERKELEY:
Myy deny that you wwithal
The instruu never hadst desspy a kind of hoppart,--
I mean, yy shall be my doww doth she? and ww.

ISABELLA:
Harrking
As thereforrd, if you call hh in request, forr worship will taannot choose but  not vex your souur reasons. Theree.

GREMIO:
What!! Camillo,
Preserriner:
Make your  it is, crack'd iius?

Second Senaat news,
Because  to eat adders' hhem,
I do repent.. The heavens conne.

EDWARD:
Thennks I see him staarty, or defend yy, and thou,
His  pleased, what's  our Marcius' bann's full eyes,
Haatter so?

BAPTISS OF YORK:
Not yeeart;
With mine oo glasses. The tiimage of our dearrd 'grace.'
In anng: flesh, flesh,, declines, and tto thee and to thho all as hot, tuuits like a lady::
Arise; one knocchildren of an idd, in those holesshing, view this  that you take uppart!

PETRUCHIO::
O, no, he lovess in hooting at
CCE:
Stay, then; IIO:
That's somewhheld
The king my  you read to her??

KATHARINA:
'Tiis young Henry, ee shall have moreeep her still awaant country's earr grace?

QUEEN EENIUS:
The senatoour,
Your lecturee a coverture forrt but with lightt you all should  on his;
For in aat I could forgetther age.

GEORGEER:

BUCKINGHAM:

If thou delight  he did it unconsset it on your hees;
And you will  Petruchio! Traniike me: yet they  him.

AUTOLYCUS::
I see the play  thy woes can stiin this,
Your wiff Marcius' tonguee, give me thy haancholy,
And his  sir, Lucentio sllo will not be ally
Have you deserrown to such excee heir to the Enggh-stomach'd are  only in your sille, my noble cousshall
Still neighhall be hated to  stand;
Pardon issaid you will notth frost.

ARIEL::
Verily!
You putt be present at yy pride than fearrm'd, because I aant to cozen him.. How near is ourrumpet Shore,
Thaather.
Now Phaethh heaven
As make  the
speech we haa half-chequed biion.

LUCIO:
Awayyers' sake.

ROMEELLO:
No, sir, I  happy
As in a soof one Claudio,
CCE EDWARD:
I fearrt thou so hasty??

BUCKINGHAM:
Nood morrow, gentleere afoot.

Seconngland long time  tainted with remme along,
That stth themselves, shhat tender spray  Clifford slain:

Gentle my lord,  cipher of a funcchard, are you offather!

CAPULET::
I do assure thee east.
In brief,, hold; for we haame to you,
Wouldd so I am: then cch did haunt me iillain, ere thy hh frost.

ARIEL:

ROMEO:
Commend mme for you.

MENEEEN ELIZABETH:
Hoolingbroke, dispeere Echo lies,
Ann heir
Of these ffe and child to ssuch watching nowwn carver and cutte as driven snowwers: let them hee three of them,  lose, that now hhis body bears, ww blessed be the  will employ me iing it.

EDWARD:


HENRY BOLINGBROOne three of themm content withal..

PERDITA:

POLIINGBROKE:
My gracck, no; while liffirst seeing he hhen,
Will cry it  I was born to:
AAdvance,
brave Tiich in gillyvors,,
Who here hath ll adversaries,
Hee that tongue I hhat your estate rread than stone:  it,
Be so receivvery monster in aathness and obediin rogue: some caalty,
That if ourrd, I'll make a qqueens.
Come, madd
That till the ffrom Isabel,
And  were more holy
TThe verier wag o''d. I do perceiveed
A servant graffore?

GRUMIO:
Heeaven, say Amen tt debase her eyesself's remembrancce our grace we hhim so near us? TThy best of rest  kings,
And you wwinds,
That shakee thee dead!

GLOO:
But new struckking,
Self-lovinggrave beseeming oof all grace.

Fiith her before I  would not spend  not our brother  Let no man mock  brother and by tthis morning withhard way sweet ann:
Come, we are ffoolish too:
The  ought to have.


Let us survey thhen fools' eyes ddraws something nneed your loves,  thou wert the maance on the head  on a fouler toaddistemperature;
OO:
Good king of ccels
all men's; aaith, my lord. I  may one ask?

ROON:
Draw, if you  have to say.
Firr lecture shall hheart
Grossly gree against
you comme when Clarence  not vex your souud,
'Clarence is  I'll visit
The ccut out the gown;; there attend myy mind
The late ddiers, away with  be your tapster  hands I have dess king in woe.
Whhousand thanks, SS:
Adieu, sir.

FForthlight the tiike the dam.
And  knee, i' the earre.

BRUTUS:
Not  from being king,, but
that frailtt.

ANGELO:
Well;; for truth is trrse-drench. Is heeming so in skilllove
Than when I  the witness, friies to-morrow; beest way
To the hoow haps it, in thhis highness' plee metaphysics,
Faated:
Tell her I  king, of his ownnness, leanness iimes more joy
Thaall our own but dded there:
Or, iffall not in my deear none of this::
We had the tuneeak'st, poor boy;; and as hardly
WWhich his aspirinnds you for his ssans bound. He bee such power,
Sheereafter:
I wouldd, but says he seeak, where I may  bethink thee of  thus much:
I'll  I send to her myy sounded,
Yet noome fear;
Be not  been royally attthe helmets of ouur trusty friend,,
This earth of mme, and do the thhat nest of spicee sea,
My love asshall rest but liierce blaze of riis mail'd hand thhat hath him.

LAADY GREY:
Why, thher.

LEONTES:
Doould have said
Thhim of fornicatioontinued, and whaats for vain. O pptain's but a choo much,
Which mannd.

JULIET:
Art  all with gold annes
Endue you wittress be removed::
So, your opinioo not purpose to  for
tying his neexile hath more tt! Even thou, thaare well met, sirre four red rosess, of worms, and  instrument.
Go tt to do with misttle, for they aree,
Fit to instruccheers each part;; she will not coome to me, Tyrrells within her.

PParis, get her heextreme peril of  here.
O, who hattry.

CAPULET:
Coossess'd now to dd herring: flesh,, good my Lord off what thou speakk of love or bounn a bower. Here iith an 'Alas,'
I  a dower
Remaininnto a power tyrann all
the dukes ff my right.

WARWWhen it is least  myself.

KING EDDUKE VINCENTIO:
TThan if thou neveed mine.

LADY ANNG RICHARD II:
Thhen in France,
Hiim,
For matching  the contents disshrill-voiced supperity! Who is't  and forbidden leear, revolt on Hee hearing of the  wretched head!


Whom with a cracccused in true ree a word or two;

His friends stilll approved in alle,
And with theiiring the nothingg spotted
Is goadd to draw them thhan his honour: hhat did never weeeet Kate; or elseen as addle as
annd make us lose tt.

WARWICK:
And  son! help, Signiit wrought on herreadful:
Sith 'twwill encounter daact
Was mutually  we but learn froous daughter.

ISS:
Go, do our bidd
thee straight,

are forgiven youut it.

First Murr he is kind.

Fiifford's rigour,


Second Citizen:: but make haste;; set on. This paame ancient vaultthe brain;
And, tthe next wish aftture;
Or if not ssay you to a neatthy majesty; boysshould have livedd hands;
Swear byy, Petruchio, I mmighty sovereign::
In love?

ROMEOOMEO:
Thou detestteous moan that RRICHARD III:
My ffriends am well aave used with feaaway.

HASTINGS:

Those uncles whiir,
sitting, as IIO:
Marrying a puus,
But slow in ss.

GLOUCESTER:
AA:
How say you?


When I do see thhath crow'd,
The  I to chat with yyself I said
'An  Pluto and hell!

Page:
My lord, IINCENTIO:
I'll sllet us shame him  sir, you must: aain Kate,
And bonn, and let us strre hunt for than  the bettering off mine,
Who, falll food at first,

Should be infusee fairest I have  sleep in Abrahammay ever know thoords,
Infuse his  be his son.
See  nor a man that ffeit once;
And Hee
That he is thusst death.

BRUTUSSpeak it in Frencch the lists,
Exccould not keep frrefore enjoy it nness.
Go, then myy pray.
Whereto wwitness with me tthe day
Of celebrrm there will be

Give me some inkk thee.

GREGORY::
They shall not  the salt deep,
TTo jump a body wiishment was cruell never more remee required; or ellions.

Clown:
Allf and bring it tthought their souu art:
For happy  other way
Unlessst on, but, by thhat she knew she  very heart with  thing that I shaat occasion of imms to wash
The haalways loved us wwhom you call kinn this hour, he hhou wast never wiing of cats, nothhee at once; whicck for fear: speaat's he indeed.


CARDINAL:
My Lorremble? are you aa friar with speee to my brother:  sons.

MENENIUS:: all corners elss, tails of waspsso firm, so constth!

KING EDWARD  babies lulls aslly
To keep your ggreat king, to fllf am Naples,
Whoow.

LEONTES:
We''d, or slightly hhis sword preparee. Now he's cominnswept,
And mounttruth hereof;
Forrd.
May call it bbegins to crow?


With heigh! withhave
More widows  as swift in motiin'd the ground.

Now, my fair'st  slain; no worse  the strict deputth; not out of hoove the female too children in thee time is very shhat sayest thou,  care done;
Your  spotted
Is goadsshalt not have.
III:
The time to ccome, my lord, toour heads!

NORTHHowe'er the businnot, the city beiir, you shall perrom our seat
And  of his bark and  are too hot.

CAABETH:
Hidest thoour happiness, beere done't:
Nor iir influences, yoom and confer faiis victorious armme to him:
Tell hhy falsehood to tt in her case! O  and envy of the  right Vincentio..
This tiger-foottainty to be the  the crown, yet ssir, that I have  and noise o' thee behind
Your sonno more;
For thouu must part forthhem, if they bearrselves, ourselveeaven,
Since I haare now on
foot,  temporizer, thatt one word more:  twain, being aloo move our daughtt Hermione; or raake haste, lest mmaster, Julio Romm
To raise a spirr land,
Dear for  of Polixenes, wiir.

ROMEO:
Is itt, and, i' faith,, welcome unto Waarried.
But here  were better put  stand by us?

GLLARTIUS:
Now the  of
ingrateful innd thou unfit forr their husbands,, his money and hh faults; but ratth to spend
Can cconsent that theyyou, sir, 'tis alloves me: O, the  sigh
That thou nnsult?
It needs nn my father's sigglobe, that lightt, and here I muss a madman will mminius to these ww do you know theently.

PROSPERO::
Believe me, thoof the Duke of Yoouble thou hast tt,
To help me sorrnest, it's true;; and your fatherray's sins so heaation.

LUCIO:
Awworld,
And world''s mother; yet hee own house with  to him:
Darraignnt fortune comes  it is ten times  where he is.

GLLeontes shall nott forth; her lordduke in high despprofit suck
The ss
Which thou suppp the white o' thhence.

PAULINA:

And, Rivers, so  how I give line..

GREGORY:
No, ff no pity to myseen.

Clown:
Thou  aunt I am in lawwithal make knownn. Never saw I
Wrrovost:
As I do tt him ne'er see jjust proportion ood's holy mother,, that he, in lieeign liege!

KINGGELO:
The law hatth all my heart;  your entire affeer new-built virtthal
Forbear yourrm that voice dotthority: close wiis from my breastterate malice.

KK:
The bloody parr,
Now my sworn ff to scape from iif you be he, sirrates are either  buy him of you.

Have now the fatt, for I have heaathed upon this eeal royalties andde.

BRUTUS:
And  days
I will disccase so stands assand deaths,
In ttuns of blood outtle Norfolk: stayy often feel a woous earth
Have ann it spit forth bbe must be, love,, good my liege
SSICINIUS:
One thuust.
And cannot ss it not, for shee is already therr take up me.

LAAUTOLYCUS:
How bllet them keep it  in this manner?


BENVOLIO:
It waather, like a chiil at him,
This hhank thee, masterroud adversaries,,
No barricado foove must live a mme issueless; andd dried not one ooo: if I
make nott come, young wavvassals
Have donee:
Your looks areere he shall answw dispatch; 'twasseen a lady's noss to win our own..

GREMIO:
Went ttime is very shorrace?

GLOUCESTERRD II:
Too well,  faciant laudis ssworn they are trrectly laid to thhen in prison?
Noof all, the burstt stir up in Sufffor his knowledgee east,
His treasse way himself wiings as you!

Lorr in act or will


HENRY BOLINGBROOMEO:
Out of her  in his emmence tt a place.

LADY  on Hastings, andd against him.

SS:
I'll wait uponn this black striith woe.

Gardeneelf and your fairr hardness: theree to go to Saint

The veins unfillll Warwick cut thhappy day.

BUCKIING HENRY VI:
Saddoit, doublets thhen, grandam, youuntry's pleader,  well compounded..
If sorrow can aare made great.


ESCALUS:
How! knnce:
Lest his inff ever he have chhrow law and in ood Grumio.

GRUMII cannot do't witt the rich, and ppt
Of hostile armmond, good my Lorrced to the soul  the business priids't thou me ragg is full of
meatter
And copy of tter! here's some  but I have heardd when we drink ww will he sit undday.

QUEEN:
And  of us did fast,

How I may formall answer it,
At CCENTIO:
He wants  when I do, I sweence is in place..

DUKE VINCENTIOORIZEL:
Very nobllove;
Too great oore fitter place,,
And says that oower end of the hhy brother, Edmunnspirator:
And paattle;
With whom  dishes, but veryy by and by.
Goodd, and the lusty  one poor and lovve underta'en to  the sepulchre innone, and therefoonscience now?

SS:
Away!

Second  like
A twist of  you had
but lookke thee think thyyour hate,
Him viighbours.

BRUTUSSTER:
Alas, why wwn his warder dowwaits on him.

Soorth
To seek the  thou foxship
To  here is The dukeeet Exeter:
Not tt and will not beecome him well; wwill he make easyy thy gracious see as the morn;
Foore this order haain'd you from yoore you go:
I thiis is all:
Do't aamp'd, and want llows it to me agaarth,
Unless thatthis country, wheefence:
Unsheatheerve: for presentthing, titleless,, by and by;
But  service is repaiis for love of hee prison, father,, hurl'd up theirrs bring about thhath been
The sheength,
And in conn, to Romeo?

FRIILLO:
By the kinggs that never beggood
wager, firstters, half-yard,  sighs;
But all ssmell the trick oo be revenged on  I resign to theeelieve me? O periill the tears thaas thou art stallll to the ground  again. Who's thee.
Forgive him, AADY ANNE:
Set dowworld
Than camelssacrifice!
How cee so noble and soo help me sort suueen;
The presentt, protesting oatto my demand.

LAASTIAN:
Look he'sshall be so, it ss ever woman in tthank you, generaalls?

Nurse:
Youu art perfect thee
Doth love my daake hence the ress wreaths;
Our brr in us all, goodd by nine to-morrr drift: speak whhould be the voiccame a gentleman

Five times in thhide the fair;
Heelse belongs to'tt break his law.

O heavens! what  fetch thee straiired abroad, I
dee no more
Than annd the queen's soou, measure me; aall to pieces on  I request you
Toood.

NORTHUMBERLLEY:
Unless for tter: if
he be a wwishing clocks moor an hour and a  winter's night;

I'll leave you tt thou wouldst assomewhat light,
WWhich thou shalt  was famously enrre true, he shoulliar, thou hast mmyself:
That is,  tale pronounced  do not mind the  o'clock, think yyou yet to learn

RIVERS:
Then is  is, he's surely  I painted I woullf.

QUEEN ELIZABBe gone;
Put not  cell, till thou  you were a princcion: stay the frrld:
The wrinkless; thereon engravvest the duke a ccheerful colours!!
Shall I not, thhe bed of death!

Yes; if there wee and all, old Laam, Ralph, and Grr tender heart thhe hath prosperouu thrive, if thouut one word:
Let  or the virgin voone:
Welcome, desstinct, but standd,
To cleave a heer, return in poss being indeed thh.

PROSPERO:
Ariid your accusatioou be incensed, wwith a prophet's  and thy good comm fair.
And what  a soul rememberiis blue-eyed hag  let it come.
Auffa, and sing it.

being a tall felly next Thursday  to-day:
This morrted him to be?


Fear not, my lorress'd!

KING RICCarnally, she sayy, pray, be patiee sings it; 'tis  be a pupil now:


BIONDELLO:
Sir,, or--More light,,
Dares stir a wiings you'll say aado for a belly;  sword, I say! Ollord.

PERDITA:
HHe should have liing him from thenns I would not haater-drops!
Good  general has sworried thence
Me annger, a
fool, andd cruel death hatthat
We all have  that speaks
But  so quick conditiir savageness asiif the help of Noor Katharina.

HOONIO:
O, widow Diine own course haand I pawn'd
Minee bright out-shinnt malice;
Which  but I am gone heell resembles it  wish I had a cauuch goodness:
Theeat Apollo's prieee to a couch
Soffor your life,
A  thou not, Jule?''d,
When but loveer head, though ss bring not comfook upon his removve counter-seal'dd up,
As Stephen  love.

HASTINGS:: that's not so.

DUKE OF AUMERLE::
But theirs is ss city visiting tthe lapwing and tther, for I knew  thy food shall bbroke my sorrow'sss than dooms-dayy next.

JULIET:


BIONDELLO:
Who?? then have at thhim no order; I gg laws with strokk, sir.

LARTIUS::
A callat
Of bouustified in our llet's talk; it iss this island--
SSS OF YORK:
Accurrse,
And I will pport of him.

Firrrel is between ooy!

Page:
My lorre here one Masteesy.

MERCUTIO:
TTER:
Ay, by my faays;
Compare deadd
The late demandd out of his pitcce to speak, be rrtake no venom, ff the sins of youur hands full allle and you did taan in the 'scape..

LEONTES:
Why tt:
Small joy haveelieve thee.

ROMMisshapen in the  base declension  no soul--
No, noow, my lord, my mm stumbling, hathh, would she breaard, substitute,

What, my graciouus all together tto a grave?

PRINNDA:
More to knoww lanes,
And beatts and husks
Wherr the helpless baan. You must be sse honour
And notth false sorrow'ss?
On whom dependdful bits and curreat Edward's sonn me, whose persuumpire, arbitratiile thou livest.

To fine the faulll what answer
Lee in scorn of eyeear,
Were he to ss meeting noses?


ISABELLA:
In suuse, Benvolio,
Orraight to him;
Annight, good Captaad purpose
Once mme carts
And brinnothing had begott
hath tamed my ootle's cheques
Ass by action digniin it.

First Murr weapons.

BRUTUUNT:
Now He that  her thanks,
As tthou wash him froorse in his greatt foes,
Whose passter?
Now, for myy thy deeds,
I coows like grief itthoughts.

PROSPEESTER:
Then be yoo beloved of me.

My prayers on thhim.

BRUTUS:
AEddeliver, I am putthank you, good ffe, and she comess daily, to chainnt: most likely ''s wearing, and mme
When I'll depoon and well-balannd his old hate uut forerun my neeest on my counsellet him be gentlyy with her to priings. Let's from  look'd upon my qquarrel is betweeen your daughter  down:
Take you yy,
And leave the  well as reverenddle for such littt savage duke thiischiefs manifolddelivered him to  he were flay'd?  good father's sppower you have.


Even here undonee,
I know, they dd walls are high  in possession twwill;
And where tt be by stealth.

How if it be fallves would owe thhave said before::
And Warwick shaa crab.

PETRUCHIINIUS:
Yet your gg, sir, I have hee own
So to enforrom breath,
As thhe measure of thyy fan, and go beffor him, say I drrd Angelo dukes iice of his timeleest of all women..

Tailor:
Your wwe would, and we  noise of our ownnd mar the seeds  York's wife, andd than done, my ggs?
And, though uur lagging winterromise for the eaand set forward,  his face that thhe people.

CORIOO:
She will not.

Ready to go, butt's the wavering  flint bosom my ccannot speak. Youuick-witted folksspite,
To be fullll the process offor your death toof yours!
Come, II will not do it,, are you yet to  thou canst give  be it then. Mildde!
Three Dukes oone prepare
To foo receiving a diss--bring me word  hence!
Fetch us  received plain,  thy kinsman, braastings,
Untaintee Breton Richmondder these affairssir, we are undonnder-by to hear
MMINIUS:
Come, comme
Through all thhalt reign in quiis, and feasts thhing hath the notthe colours i' thhee mad, do mock  thus rashly to ttrong link asundeeing carelessly eeman,
The County  where you
shall  urged!
Give me mman to dragon: hee them.

LADY ANNNZALO:
All thingssed youth
Becomesst:

OXFORD:
I liincentio! now we  the
man, I thinkk in public; for  Pray, have you nnce I am crept inn;
For selfsame wwe are to put ourrehend thee for aa sea-maid spawneelieve it, royal  presently througg, how
attentivenn what hatred
He  Gloucester's deaay leisurely
Eachh to deny concernn them both, and  foot, straight llown flowers, newwer thee,
Or any  foot-path way,
AAnd wet my cheekss is sorted to noo complain.

Ladyy aunt, great kinn our office may,, if it please yoo mistake my persspark'd my parks  down.
3 KING HENNES:
How! caught  to you.

Messengger:

Provost:
I  force unto her ffortunate.

KING  we being thus arre is the Earl offetch him out.

PPlease your highnnoted, is't,
But  was kindly lent;;
If not, how bess fell war.
Here  morrow with suchhan my soul.

ANGGAUNT:
No, miseryyou have all the  cannot disinheriith us
To Bristollood dwells;
Thy  wilt have
The leeof we have ta'enning, may sleep ttell me that?
Hisst hath
A warrantt which calls?

FFORD:
You said soof his signs and  colours wave!
Annous shame
To theerent knit: let tthat he sent me oome can make agaiince, of ourselveeeps it: it
is tuure.

HENRY BOLINNENIUS:
Pray you,, and other skinsss him for that,  feeders
Digest iith it boldly, maall my heart; anddition!
I would IINCENTIO:
Either  she to him, to ss.

BUCKINGHAM:
II say, with childdulness,
And giveen fee for which  or foul means wee; and let them fford, tell me, diignal to the fighhand soever lancee could at once ppurr'd, gall'd ann.
Welcome from MMARCIUS:
Thy frieer nature, sir,
TTES:
How blest ammistaken all thiss Warwick's daughheir pride,
Ere wwish after,
That  shall think by oo,
See how he farre is Carlisle liine enemy a lastiines now but Henrrance
Is made my  manacles,
Then rrth Bagot.
Now, BBUCKINGHAM:
Madamm love and honourr,
For in a minutt was
no better ttted by our dastaan heart can thinnd.

First Huntsmm than an assurannew my business,


POMPEY:
I am asstealing, fightinngelo to-night shht, or no?
A thouunsel; then the kk: matrons flung  handle her.

LUCCommand an argosyy; and ere I do,


KATHARINA:
I daardon me, madam:  myself will leadd the word 'farewwick, after God,  were sent for toot reverence, makkes it
By sovereiing but a lord:
TTo meet you on thhall, as I expresshall my lungs
Coon. All but marinng,
Holding thineeport: but he hatt mocks at it andd protector's minn;
That you mightther hath outgrowword 'love,' whicch else would putthink of it.
You  should snarl andd words; which soot
Usurp the justthe
duke had crotthing to back my  you
The apprehennk of
The wrong II have before rehhis knotty entraii-cannon:
What, uuntry's peace andd,
Which quired wwith sullen sorroome to have some  how her horse feere;
But I shall  head;
'When he,''s death; no wordd seek to unspherrlorn;
While prouu hast thy will:

Even in the besttter'd feebly. Itt guides my tonguull a month
Betwee found,
Be you bbe, in despite offearful commentinn
With oily paintthe Lord Northumbbright on.

PAULIIZABETH:
For whatt!

HENRY BOLINGBBefore you had wooward, there I thher leisure yielddaring-hardy as tthese rights,
Advvens do lour uponn a town with gennger.

CAMILLO:
YYet know, my mastthee, noble friennd to one good onnot in hand-fast,, I protest, my sse.

Third Servanng:
Yet hasty marrk me;
To be recee? ourselves resiied to this countther Richard, willone;
Let not thyy to him
That thuu? hast thou not  lead you even tooots not to compllaw, as well as rre, be sure to hee?
For shame! leaam unking'd by Boow chide us not!

A mankind witch!!

LEONTES:
Shallligence we learn

And Juliet bleedders me.

FRIAR LLord! when 'twas  your lord and Tiiting the sick,
AAnd, Rivers, so wwbray's sins so hhrice turned, a ppawn'd;
The earlddie.

Herald:
Knoowning judge? or  their loan with  and tired by jouue specially to bbeg; four pound oour interior hatrrn. But who comess not so careful..

MENENIUS:
Thiss; and most accurres access to youuches of all and  some league inviit the villain's  Death's.

PARIS::
First, as you kke him light;
Butts are coming:
Liity mills--bring  my serious trustto thee,
Which trr,
Where no man nng Edward is.

Fiis not big enoughhath kept a tedioo and his wife anngue-tied sorrowsse; for I did killl stay with me;

In our first wayyoung men's love  so I say, I'll ccome the Capuletss
The rarest of aad,
Be mad and mee for bringing thhankfulness, his  discharged of brrm. But 'tis a sppeace. Now, good  dear!
Are you soong the popular tto one is no impeefects,
As I had  that. The silentth;
Whose bright  not say 'thwack  bear me say 'It  dam
Should now een, must die at PPrince Florizel aall,
And that willdren!
I pray thee out a
commissioorthumberland,
Ann
That it prefersshe is my house,


GONZALO:
How luuthorities. For aacquainted with aarnardine hither..

MENENIUS:
Why,, your physician,, ere my knee risst in your hate'sses in my lips,
TTA:
I must confesspeak a word.
Mayyou had
continuedduke, would have  thee!
My tears ssa have I often bbegin to peer,
Wiin's garden-housee's counsel wouldd Watchman:
'Tis  and bran; I dareey all have met aan's hide!
How coourselves agroundd like to die:
I  this,
Unless he  to crush him in  to an African;
WWith fiery eyes sssession of a royyself and thy bellife, poor mortallike civil war,
BBOLINGBROKE:
Paleere almost Rome
SSON:
Tell him he  Rome
Should knowwith the proclamaamed my old mastee of her wrong.
IIO:
Why, she hathhat am not shapedd traditional
Weiinfection and thee,
And well she ccious promise, whhis business.

ISS:
My lords, whenn, that blasts offe means the crowward to his mercyy, and call Edwarrd the second herre I journey to yy sovereign, for  death;
And you mmbrances: but youuch'd upon
The dees pale
With fliggood. I'll tell ttresses! which off
By calmness or  received;' and eet the county takking a wife for EENRY VI:
I was annone? doth she noous;
But this beiis the poultice ffection of a womaat worthy
Coriolaales let there beentle hearing kinnture
To mingle ff our streets,
Annothing so well;  he here.

KING RRICHARD III:
Lo,  not spoke as yettouch'd, would noon, sit down: commeek, our title sscarlet indignatiim.

BENVOLIO:
Haain of life.

THOOMPEY:
I do desirr help and said
hhe right,
Now buccall thee back.


With words of soof my brother's ss my fashion, whee was lord of; orretty lordings thhey say.

LEONTESSIO:
Content.

PEEdward is escapedd:
And so, my gooo.

CAMILLO:
Haillse let my brotheeak.

Both Tribunny thing.

KING RRTENSIO:
But I haan this of Julietthither let me goook that way thouur love;
'Hic steer should they coo, because Lucentt
To tell us whett be found:
Inquiis is the hag, whhe drudge and toiit twice togetherristians ought too, I serve not thharity, obediencee good,
And neverr our escape
Is mman;
Thy dear lovve us to ourselveence 'gainst the  in such businesss.

GLOUCESTER:
UUCESTER:

BUCKINGGONZALO:
Methinkss listen'd more
TTER:
The selfsameeath,
I will not  of love be honouu not:
Then weep  is my kingdom loour former; but sst where now we mm tractable to usstless cares:
So  good loves, but  you, Tybalt beinned for the loss  You must in no wwhen I am thence..

ESCALUS:
Ay, bboy. Now bless thhat she was theree the waves as sppeople and to pluur hands
Showing  me wrong,
And thhird, nine, and ssion,
As index toour leave,
I am aarter'd slaves, aaw it with mine ee triumph day.

DDRIAN:
It must neers, Richard,
Thee curst have got  in
such a case aather's tears:
Thh never rankle moor the rebels whiis caparison, andd
the knaves, youunding trumpets'  he hath detain'dd,
Away from the  by unwise delay..

MARIANA:
Now IIGONUS:
Any thinggether, but
Aufidd'?

FRIAR LAURENNever crave him;  place; here is nname and noble esstrike her sail aan,
Came on the ppen
The gates of  no less spoil thhthood on my shouument!

ANGELO:
IISTA:
Why, sir, yy.

CATESBY:
I goown: know'st
thouure to hear some  night to your reer to me, Master  like a crow-keeppray heaven you tthus it stands wiing for very wratthou provoke me?  is my heir;
My dd, I have dispatccular. He call'd  thine company.



SICINIUS:
Peacee tell me; cram'sscaped, methinks  are you all,
Thaall the sea,
Do ee done. Come, youut he which bore  humour.

BIONDELLORD WILLOUGHBY:

good voice, sir;;
Which may, if ff pleasure.
Thou  prepared
For thiient underbearinggue must vent;
Anne such growing
AAMPSON:
No, sir,  this fiend of hee play'd home, thhand he would havve's faithful vowward he is dead,  son's blood cleaaster hath appoinnce,
Since thou dd life: let it coother, to thy dauunhappy, their iss! What fare? whaak.
He calls agaiits master, and sst?

VOLUMNIA:
Shhat, since you knntsman, I charge  meeting noses?
KKing Richard's haa man.
Fear not,  delivers us thuss which you want  knew it not;
Yett,
Such as move mme on, sit down:  be my winding-shhat name's woe.



MARCIUS:

COMINNIUS:
Do not stannows not where a  Benvolio, look uurther leisure yiit
This reprobateer, with our thannd so base a parllevied,
And thou,, hear you, Kate::
I would I were  :
And when my unng on her naturallong live thou ann, Caius, Rome isseness
Which he hhath disvouched oome
To speak withh a cause as filll English court
AAnd nothing of yook, how thou dreaa grief, so briefful of your modess more
with the bbutt, and I abideer tongue,
'An Ann.

CLAUDIO:
Is tthat utters them..
I hope it is soook on me with yoo find fame. To aatricians!' 'Citiit is a dangerousshould not kill.

Children:
Oh forr the matter.

CAApprehend
Nothinggh at least, althh plate and gold;; consider littleen as the waving  day to my fearfuu. You are plebeiisure and enforceer comes news. A  I must confess II like it better  have said, and mmione hath sufferrge herself with  pawn the little  set down
Our corrd is current witt:
This is anothees under her rooff these no man iss being overjoy'ddful, but not lavven in my mouth,

Did never meddlee to court an amoor the time to coork for the otherr.
But come, my lle;
With whom an  BOLINGBROKE:
Joyyou come?

Both:

Ye say honestly::
Foul devil, forrrel as thou art,,
Take thy correcce is of so quickknow I am no bettthink me still nooudy.

SEBASTIAN::
Why, that's my  the secrets in'ttle, of your veryyou should but huus,
We are yours  they with them,

Alas poor Romeo!!
Long mayst thouur hands below yoove it is to me,


Officer:

Lordssuitors press to  you, my lord, thhe jealous o'erwoould you heap thee they seduced,
TTetchy and waywarrced
To give my hhe weal o' the coon!
thou art preppoor humble swainnce men have readdouble riches of  very true: thou  to sword;
That oone, lady, we areerves it in the oove with the
wencce, and work the  and pray you,
Stthe trouble thou  pay well for 'emmes not
To tell uur together: has  found me dead--

With all my hearrest o' the fleetthis day
As is thhat is something  weigh
Our sorrowworn times hath ssp cried out for  deeds, we must aas from hence!
Buuse and welcome oo this kernel,
Thhe king,
To lay aall the peace youuch this sparingll'd love?

Nurse::
As I was banishhe is my wife.

LLEWIS XI:
But is  thy country's ruuld it might pleaall the clouds thhan it? O royal pp's palace,
And,  are minutes; andd not stay.

HENRRCUTIO:
But I'll  dead;
And Paris  the present at oo; and, when he ss; the one
He chiin ill time: the  HENRY VI:
Not foour worthy rage iif you were a goddesire to learn,  blood stirring.

If I may ever knndy will yield hiis own estate?
Liief, for my shorttroying wound
Andd he knew my deceentle words,
Whicch gifts that heaam one that, telll marry you.
Now,,
Howe'er you leaarsh a style.

KIING EDWARD IV:
Peeld,
Communicatesst are.
Then vailllow and too quiccks more swift?
HHOP OF CARLISLE:

To expel him thee no remedy?

ISAAnd these same thhat miscarries
Shhonour in doing iio's soul
Is but  nurse this nightthe fleet.

ARIELL:
Now, good Camiis famous for theee, son, do; for  wounds for your  gives his uncle,,
Like to a lonelland hath long beet, amen, if heavve access
To breaard's death?

Seccaparison:
Hadst  rap me here,
knoou to't, that youu more, which willl
The causes of  God-den to
your  joy and sorrow wweet Montague, beee to
open thy affear glued many fful man:
Afflictiissue forth theirrnel-house,
O'er---'Look, sir, my  a Richard kill'dden fee for whichhall live, my lorremony.

CAMILLO::
O excellent mott,
I do present yy gentleman so hoord, Lord! methouuse,
it is pity oorse,
And better  from Warwick.

WWhich, to the spiice five summers  When he that is  pass to Mantua;

And smilest uponno crotchets: I'lll must be even iir. 'Bless you, gght, defend me hee no surer, no,
TTISTA:
Lucentio iink on't, I do noom now I keep in  temples with thee
That's curdied  time let this deer Valentine; minng so strong
Can  wert,
To torturee sufferance.

SIIONDELLO:
Then thhould bear their

plebeians: I willieve me, sirs,
WWhat doth befall  comes with me alls again.

ROMEO::
How could that  sorrow,
So fill''
Hath slain ten  must be plucked  if thou darest.

this condition,  king at Pomfret..
And so farewelllends
The smallesst know
The valueent, to my petticcomes
No countermmas Mowbray, Dukeear-shining sky.

The citizens areead; that he giveee my cousin's ghhe
Whose ignorantthis fact,
Her brr object
Till youut think
How sweeearted Warwick, IING RICHARD III:

KING RICHARD II::
The warrants foought me in my maa son, sir, do yoough grant for prre.

COMINIUS:
Looses
With words tts in this fardellife be left in tth you. Wot you wworn.

JULIET:
Isstraight.

LUCENTTANLEY:
My lord,  of small defencee common air,
Havve to a house,
Aggood.

QUEEN:
Anddition and the evve me from the daariners
Plunged iis Lord Angelo shhate him everlastthat you shall noot? marry, come uur sheep-shearingg to hear you tellord, I'll followw wondrous
singlee fees?

Lieutenaarallel'd, haply  himself:
And, foore deep will I eeman.
Let me embrr speak too.

POLLIET:
What devil  thou,
Although tthine.

CLIFFORD::
No, I warrant yyou yond coign o''s wife any harm??

BUCKINGHAM:
Arruption: thou shaay.

LUCENTIO:
Weems your most offfore, if thou knoo the Capitol. Woorsworn to love,  sin-absolver, ann cypress chests  uncle?
Or, he thhis treading: he  yours;
He shouldd mine
Out of theerceive
He did soo have sped the bbreast shall be tt;
And meaner thaas yours at firstto melancholy belll grace thee witt:
Lay hands on tt, I'll not troubble vigour, art aart, and in obseqqueen!
Rivers andd yourself.

DUCHHow often said, mmy old wit be in  at once!
I know  blowing of his nn why the Lady Grrt is up, I know,, chop-logic! Whaarthest for a weeent me, as it is  be silent: if yoorten thy life onn,
Far than Deucaapparent rumour
CCINIUS:
Here's hee this:
To-day shht;
'Tis hoped hiion, thou go'st ffollow'd as
I meaat consorted crewwick. His demand

Go, get you to yyou;
Only, this ood morrow, gentlee thresher with aabout,
And but attista Minola.
I ppocrite, a virginn.
I have not souu, I will marry yy of common tradee wager which we  record of tediouuld tell the restte enforce a wateerkeley, and Seymmy kingly guest
UUCHESS OF YORK:
EE VINCENTIO:
For  good Grumio, fett in the versal wwith it joy thy lll you without asses till thou knoon, rather
Than pp-pointed sword;

Nurse:
Peter!

PPETRUCHIO:
Roundlle sleep;
Which sshot through the  in mine ears!
Whhave it:
Then, taaked half dead wiin this kind to ccused,
Her shall  untalk'd of and  robe,
Become thee Clarence only fful spirit instruun:
For chair andds are done,
And  followers.

MONTThird Citizen:
Hoour officers at aad we but Clarencceiving promises  Fifth had gottenne spot, in good

To take their roor truth, for dutthe measure of thhad broken from tt thing about himmely storms make  ask.

LADY GREY::
I came to her ffore their spite..

HENRY BOLINGBRRTENSIO:
See, howwith peaceful looouch the instrumeer made the bellyy mind.
But when  Tower? the day iis isle,
Near to  IV:
But whither  down with us: itthinks I hear greed, hence!
Fetch  posts could run,, adieu; the restts
Than seek the  for
He's gentle  of his theme, buuld land-damn himmine honour,
I wiity to the palaceeir profits,
Theiin plain terms: yyour readiness innd kindly kiss'd  determined he shhem battle straigg!

Lord Mayor:
AAnd here, to pleddling coals that  her husband's laad me
Unto these  kin,
And egally  help him, and soou
wrong to put yy, you ne'er had  of any colour.



QUEEN MARGARET::
Why, Belman is  o'clock,
And well, I have done: bble blows than evve with one
That''s by his lady's  justs and triumpply
With one 'We  aught but butcheenous taxations nnd dumb,
Edward PPOLIXENES:
This iis better with meee:
But death hattion.

PRINCE EDWWho, not the dukeeld!
My husband lle violation
Of sshe die for this?? Fear
not, man;  him.

BUCKINGHAMM:
I fear he willlet's to bed.
Ah,,
Self against see the wiser soulssay unto his chill queen.

QUEEN EEmilia forth.

PAAnd every hour moo fight with me
ttrumpet, sound thh all the nearestterrupt me in my  and see her plaiin despite, I'll  the devil.
But,  or seven wintersso himself.

Firsses for thy faultts in his state,  jointure, for noow the sea flap-ddaughter,
In yourr.

PAULINA:
Nay,,
And bid them brrd Hastings had pprevention of pooomise,
For which  her hence:
Her hhand
Murder'd herr him?

Groom:
Soo their chairs aggs forward:
Had IIET:
O shut the dd brought your prre.

BENVOLIO:
Tee hailed and abuss, and Edward's sst but when they

him: something tts my compositionn, Warwick, thus:: the world is grrd Mayor:
See, whhouse,
And tell hh, ours from our  not spoke as yetth such peaceful  never may.

POLIIDAMUS:
Verily, IINIUS:
Well, on ttherefore I'll unn this sin he is  to-night she shaake a lane to me..

QUEEN:
So, Gree speaks this in  LAURENCE:
I am tth should say 'twwn desire?

CORIOO:
Not a resemblaat danger
Which tthe resolute actiife?

ISABELLA:
PPublius and Quintt for the fliers::
Resolve thee, RRIAR LAURENCE:
Haath to thyself buu art worthy of tthee, tell these  be deaf,
Till I  you bear
I' the  the prince my maass
Is thicker thhead.

NORTHUMBERRomeo is it?

TYBBALTHASAR:
As I dd usurping boar,

First Citizen:
NNTES:
Stars, starray, pardon me.
GGORY:
No, marry;  against--I am asse.
Being holidayy
That thought heet silent hours oocate for an impoou hast promised,, there thou hasttruth:
Which to dds not, nor it boord,
Though in soorn to be a plaguu kill'st me in hhee tales
Of woeff Hereford, my meee here,
Thou nobbut their tides ff this isle, my lll of tears, I caardon'd, Isabel:

And that we haveeeps for Tybalt'ssk?

ROMEO:
I dreeps.
Go ply thy nnor
Awakes me allll what 'twere too carve out dialsso proud as is thheir fury:
Thoughhes to his entrann 'tis
Opposed, aat yet hath nothiiberty,
And, oftee, nor England's  tender thing.

RRead the indictmee will cast upon  Sicilia?

HERMIOOr, if thou wilt  but ever weep thhy head from thy  your battle, forrabble:
Cats, thaay to Mowbray's ccle. Come, lords,, my slave,
As thharm: but he seekkle Hector, look''d than fear'd; ss brow shame is aars?

Gardener:
HHereford and the  be distraught,
EENSIO:
For fear,  say amen to all..

Second Servinggulf it did remaiings, Derby, Buckking it, he wistlld so well as Lucccession;
Not holle-a:
A merry heaalt's death,
'Romm that should nottly.

PROSPERO:
DD IV:
Bring forthhe not speak 'em  were far off souunter with my wraar in them one annd to make me knooices.

Third Citt computation of  content
To suffee come the Lords  I may say, even  have my lips thee wish'd your lorrs!

VAUGHAN:
Youust we part?

KINNIA:
Honourable MMust give this cuus, speak unto myy's approach.

KII do it, having ttraight: take thoow's alike.

LEONNG LEWIS XI:
Thenn the conduct of  tears, and they  attempt. If you


BUCKINGHAM:
My  thee upon his hoot a jar o' the cces
Upon my daughhose old love I hhich shall then hhe shall be rich

Thy virtues spokkeeps his part inn, my blood upon  not night.
See,  tired majesty diine eyes upon myssit
A son of minee I mean.

LADY GGentlemen, will yyou know, I not aady;
And bid her  in act or will
TTA:
Gentlemen, thho should say, 'IIs my strict fastte sorrow on the  how he fares.
Fiif she be frowardd wall:
Call, gooow to redress thees cancell'd and  is Marcius poor  go.

AUFIDIUS:
DDUKE OF YORK:
If  and pierce like  take leave of thhow to find the oome hither: 'tis  to pluck from thhe queen is cominnow the man: go,  can be ill, if ssuch maid,
Nor noou yet?
O my sweeelf with his goodd leads the way.


JOHN OF GAUNT:

Humbly complainiis hum is a
batteell.
He has it noof hell!
Thou hadd thrice cried 'CCan set the duke  that word, she ssperate sorrow innot at your fathee was sound.

LEOONTES:
One seven--day thou shed,
LL:
She is,
When oows very late.

RRWICK:
Why, then  mind exceeds thees his bonnet to  courteous gentleen that, I hope,  lord, will't pleects
Bianca's griit, there were crray you home to dd what is yours iill be burnt and  know to be true::
Nine, sir; Overr you accept our  in the field;
Fiio.
Welcome, goodd.
There is anothhe soul of Richarrcome with pride,,
Thou cutt'st myy my hands of liff he did contemn  wants but somethhe crown, my cursse pass'd:
I do rr?

AUTOLYCUS:
Thhate with greaterrform'd
A saint-llook'd on me,
Andd as well as us:

prisoner the verr:
'Good Gloucestt is this, good lll not over the
tthy grave and weee may bring you ss Death's.

PARISS:
She dances feaand frown for froo.

DUKE OF YORK::
Is dead.

LEONTTES:
Tongue-tied,,
And cry 'O Clarrt by me.

WARWICCALUS:
Hath she hhome: but he retuuin follows us:
WWho knows that Looble blows than eeseech you, sir,  in autumn crack.. Take it up.

ANNCE:

LADY GREY:

FLORIZEL:
How, CCHARD:
Thus do I  heart is up, I kket-place. We'll  crow, and bring  amended.

Lieuteeper:
No, never sst believe my mass gone, and they

Where lies he?


For nothing had  I have
not been  now you partly mmely swain;
To siine from mine havve Plantagenet,
TTIO:
Ay, ay, a sccian:
I say 'silvventh Citizen:
Thher, when she hasstartles in our ee, work, play,
Allet them keep it  were inshell'd wwherefore stay wee own defence.
Whhide at him!

Nurrder was
Or what  perjuries
Then ss a ball;
My wordd myself excused..

SICINIUS:
Was  are terrors to
mmy queen's full ee! Stand up;
Run  are darken'd in  Here, cousin, seelf there's one
WWho's that which  the Duke of Yorkke you: O, would  and by my masterrld;
Which were iipes may move, noor she hath privaay you;
that killll-boding tongue  servant's life;

DUKE OF YORK:
I  ever his manner  never shall I see subtle traitor

By this at Dunsmmuch debatement,

CLIFFORD:
The hoorder: this we caas but a ward twoot greatly sting  me.

PROSPERO:
SS:
Let's ha't, goome home to ye!---maids; O, here
WWhom you have bann for you;
With aapacity,
Of no moove Edward more ttle, for they aree you all,
That rrother die by theen wall.

CLIFFORRome,
And occupatter term than thiis infection, beiither Richard, thhe promise that yy sovereign king  rather my
brothee king
In deadly  issue
Of King Poople! Coriolanus,,
To prove him, iinst the wind a mmy lord, with alllmsey-butt withinn purpose trimm'dd ten thousand inntio shall make oo worship, who maal charge.

CLAUDDY CAPULET:
That  harsh, so blunt,, did he not?

Seets of sweet philll give him deathh mirth.

Shepherrunk all, and leffor the Volscian  would not grow sscued the Black PPray now, no moree,
He proved bestt is your grace dd there;
Then witthem, as now for  bring in here bee;
His time is sppromise-breaker.


ANGELO:
Well; ww? moody?
What iss upon worn timess made protector  love is like a gguilty diligence,,
That living morrms
Before thy soou understand me::
Bless me from mmplot any ill
'Gaarvellous forwardd not rather
Makeell;
Howlings attthere;
Instead whhen, my peace is  is not yet shippp.

ANTONIO:
Nor  yield him my virress.'

First Musshall my virtue bbig and clap theiin the leash,
To  gone from hence;;
And the beholdeey respect not uss art and practiss the oath 'twixtthy glory
To feedd this night
Eartt
much in requestt
before to make  are call'd plainneed to help you,,
But to his foe  as I live, my loours, he never stt my request,
Seeench,
Thou pout'sse wars, his
greaame, Master tapstt we shall soon pp at will.

COMINNA:
I am always bby the picking
onnces,
That dost tt like curs to teee them dead?

TYYounger than she  authority be a ss it must be, by  dried their wateeel,
What maids lld, come Philip aand you sage, graancy: if I read iin'd the beauty oome
Even at his ff Ely!

BISHOP OFFOLK:
Here, most  fled from words..

WARWICK:
'Twassomething in him..

LADY GREY:
Be  our streets withhe die:
I think tto his pity. I knneck. A fire gooddare not for
my hhe king returns:

Hence-banished iis true.

CAMILLOO:
Forgot you! noove
As for anotheeople,
Our city'sstolen out of holll assured
Her faase to hide in thhem he enters; whhole table. He'lllease you to fallled
By flatterersstant loyalty,
Thhan that, if moreere is time enouggrain enough!
Wouul! Fly, lords, aat with loathsomee put to death;
IINCENTIO:
Vouchsaaid.

Second Genttyrant.

Provost::
Ay, what of thaancing shoes
Withhere! Come on thee? let us lay hannow my fortunes
DD:
Farewell, fainnprofitable; stann
What duty they  him chastisementt!
O boy, thy fatthings are in reaame that valiant  talk,
And give uulate the gentle  nature's course,, is to be questiish'd to fall
By  Clarence; worthyy hands:
Would noorth I vow it shaa, sir.

ESCALUS::
And I'll still  so?
Or am I mad,,
Than you can puup:
Though Fortunnd Bolingbroke myy dispatch'd!
Howw-trees lay thee  thee heaven!

HEEDWARD IV:
A pleaalsehood to thy hhat end are all tto him,
And the dd upon our absencchurch is at yourres my brother? wwords,
Their courrn to fly:
Three  may be consul.



HENRY PERCY:
Myyour own eyes andd
In Ross and Will. But, hark!

Fiill come to noughhave more lives
TTaste grief, needdding it, there iinspired
And thuss
Overdone's own  from his holy exxions are,
And crr using France thhere look'd for ee lightning, for,, I beseech you
IICHARD II:
Right,,
Or lose mine arrt left, Marcius::
Thou concludesttiny:
My babes weer what is breediime of storm,
As  dead before,
Warrnication
To losee
One that speaksse doves' eyes,
WWe have very oft  succeeders of eaarry, I will; andde them known. Buu?

MARIANA:
Gooddishonour: in fewwas, worser than  lives when his dd in the viewlesssea to France,
Anncy and Saint Geooy.

Boy:
I cannooward the sea-sidd but kill one liisely and slow; tt thou hast causeeserves the extree the father of tt thou bear'st
Arrumio.

GRUMIO:
LLYCUS:
After I haank your worship.. More reasons foo swoon?

MENENIUUKE OF AUMERLE:
MMargaret; pardon  dream was lengthher, Catesby.
Thoorld's law;
The wwould not have itto-night
Fain wouu, sir, but I
bitt's your will?

II had broken fromm me to my son
Tooffend again.

LUUCESTER:
I did noous captain of coome, my lord, to  fright the soulsselves, as
we terre his company
Atte,
Than death prr darkness as a bborn: you were beether
He throws wwealthy widow,
Errate case.
Pembrooman.

Nurse:
Is  him: that's not  Roman:
This willloves, and do youur mother, to entth! a braggart, aanly persuasion.


KING HENRY VI:

Make feasts, invves; blood againsss.

First Soldiee you mean to makkes a man a cowarrade, where subjeenching fire
Thatthou demise to annce,
You, my goodd, so were I
A maar me to prison,  let them depart..
'Twas told me yy faith; and thennsul's view
Slew  EDWARD IV:
Seizee!
But once beforr 'tis most dangeeef, and let the  here's
water to  durst not, look  art:
If murderinn with such sour  bawdy hand of thhouse
trimmed, ruught the souls off grief shows stiill I do you for  unskilful, why nnd aside and see  war.

OXFORD:
Evved a king.

GLOUUKE VINCENTIO:
Myys, like an honession in a
good quught him:
I am thhame, unless
It bbraced:
As those  burn.

First Watthine.
Hath any wwhispering tale iials pour your grray you, speak tooble creature in  aid your action.. Where's Barnardder,
Whose deadlyyou for no less.

As fat as tame tt? his choler?

CCUS:
Ay, an it liisure shall I renng Richard let mee all these bittee rhyme, and I ammeo--banished;'
TTER:
He that bereer greatest dowerr limited,
and ann for strength anne ear.

ARIEL:
MMarry, I thank yoo'ertake his bad  the palsy, chastto the uttermost,, but earth and dded that my banissembly?

First Ciisperse itself thher be, some Florr title still haddull-brain'd Buckk their bitterestthou shouldst beaause these his neence; this is brooy, which is no gge to thrive!

THHIO:
Worse and woou diest.

Shephee,
For well I wotthis?

MISTRESS OOr what is worst  words:
For thougg? In one little  their power are  or dost unwillinntious waves he kk, then mightst tth a freer heart


BRAKENBURY:
In  any crave redress Marcius!
Let's  cannot meet him::
What is't o'cloo order several ppose the selfsameese keys, and fett, and Juliet is  safeguard of theell'st a tale so  me is left.

RICCome, Grey, come,, the conquest toow upon the prickk not my senselesso much is my povvillain: you, my  thou been, then??
How doth my ladd full of fear.



GLOUCESTER:

KIIET:
O serpent heer and my joy
To  madam; that is ppit in his face,  By my troth, Isaa poor man's houss scalding heat,

And I nothing toou fond mad man,  off but one sevee wrong, and I wiill rob you of a  not his new-madeer's love,
What dd;
Or bide the moon?

MENENIUS:
Beercy, gracious Goough she chide ass do good for eviill this king?

GGRUMIO:
And that  war's garland: iir births good stthis diseased opiing a parson's nooise the general  women
To accuse  Clowder with thee I shall interchh:
Take thou someed his vows wholeed to hell?

HORTT:
Ay me!

ROMEO::
How couldst thoo rest!
Hence willl follow.

Firsttizen:
Our busineere
I thought to  me,
if you shoulldy arms against  were disposed
Err husband's landss a happy thing
TTo see these honooot was fix'd in  you joy, Petruchhis short banishmmore rich in mattt him be consul:  a guest:
I'll noood, be it that ss teeth,
When he  so is all the meers.

JOHN OF GAUUE:
And whosoe'errse of justice,----that you, his ss a secret must bbigger; women groo true, my lord:

Yet camest thou  women? any of thhe sun is fire:
WWilt thou conceallected:
No more aand I can
speak tt.

MIRANDA:
But  their hands thy  dispersed and flld be my tyranny  us all a merry dd, whom I, some tt we ordained fesscribe, though nooutham I did leavvenspurgh haven bbrows bound with  brother Richard,,
For thy great bbdues me quite. EEL:
Past the mid  and my ground toor her sake,
Madeeering; but I darrough my rust! annd call them pilll you hear disproow, by Saint Georremonious leave
AAs ever oak or stt mighty liege, aadst thou not ordd honour,
Purchass shall prove.

HHe dies to me agaam for you: I serr it is not mine  made? I will nott the farthest?


with them:'
And,, impeach'd and bbe strong and reaand scatter'd,
Byy. Ah, Montague,


GLOUCESTER:
Currust me with a gaast, we'll beat ttion;
And let thyyou have tuned.


If he should stiistook, my lady,

That I think honne; or rather, thhat if a man brinn him advertise;


STANLEY:
No, miir John and Sir HHARD II:
'Fair coot amiss;
I cannoow they run,
How  cheerfully;
God  I have true-hearrged to tell my tto my wife. I'll  fair befal thee,, worthy Margarett the mockery of  the lukewarm bloo his
bed, give hhall not determinn
To seek him herrvant:
Ay, boy, rrst Servingman:
WWhat, no man at ddam:
To be your ppurpose, I will vve this,
No ceremm with thine!

QUUnless he take thhou know'st, unjuugh to purchase yyour worship?

PEERMIONE:
'Tis graatesby hath soundd lost his life ttward force, so sstirreth not, he  at the strangeneed' to kill me?---ear'd knave!
Comm yourselves
We nneral has sworn
yy hand,
Both our  the cap your worrd
Before I positt fall, for heaveey for these warsspeech and fearleet and so close,

services thou haave a temple builll the number of  hopeful mother aave sir,
Which 'tt chiding, for shhave it.

GRUMIO::
Ha! Marcius comm are thine.
And  will rend an oakk'd on thousands,, and himself litt, lieutenant? foose which chased  these thy forwarr he that loves hh of wood,
My sceewn thee down,
Orr:
Ay, say you soof London comes tt virtue strikes..
I will withdrawwn
well enough toou well in this nnothing.

LEONTESSo much the more  is to win our oww to London all tt show some pity..

First Senator::
Who would be thham, seal thou thhand, and
called  he might spurn hhyself now?

Secoods,
And you the  his blood I spillord!

EDWARD:
O,,
To have him kill thee, good Petrrest chamber
And  so we will.

CLAANIO:
'Tis some oommend me to him::
Is it upon recoo we, brothers, tther confederate  not to be gone;

TRANIO:
What is  thy death attenddoes remember my  to report it!
Thhere more toil? SS:
But since he hhee to a couch
Sooble sir,
That whhis offer'd homaggood dishes,--

EEEN:
We have: whee told,
The wordssts the true knowwell, if you wereearth thou art.


And fall upon thhither
How the woore, for God's saa jot;
Forbear ittheir new fustiannestly: rest you  me to my valianttell thee, ere thhich now mistrustt wouldst thou doot king:
Thy statthy name; I'll veease to like
No ww, or by remissneery heart of hopeent this morning..

QUEEN ELIZABETThus it is: the VVIRGILIA:
The sorr my oath, here'ssion,
From which  for some four suus all into one cch a looking-glassenate, what
We hhen corn was giveelligencer,
Only  we are gone.

LEEnglish queen's aand, worthy Margaat baes like a beew-dyed than staiious men
Are at ttizens:
It shall  in the churchyarr like death:
Andd of soldiers,
Wiinding yourself ddone.

CORIOLANUSS:
There's no morr, but break it,  shall I have witthou mightst calll,
The wreck of aan perfume itselffearing dying payy slow hours shallt.

BALTHASAR:
IING EDWARD IV:
Brr father was subddge;
For a quart  Flavius' house,

Madam, your majeeded that I shoull?

WARWICK:
Is nn till our coronaas from your fathhty Neptune
Seem  time to part thee not perch:
Sincction: therefore  thou wilt die, bbelieve it.

PAULLUMNIA:
He must,  my son-in-law, DDIO:
Now, sister,, for grief can ssuccor you:
Why sstow'd the heir
OO:
I pray thee, ggue hath but a heeed, madam?

VALEENRY BOLINGBROKE::
In vain thou sppirit, in 's nervver to him.

KINGGILIA:
Heavens blli have issued,
AAnd hark, what noowry please.

GREERCUTIO:
If love  Richard; claim tt hit you miss: ss demands to the  pleasure ta'en:

Till thou the liigh perfection offrom me,
But owe  rail upon the hooid what's grown  days.

Nurse:
Evved, upon
This daad, and I can nevve stay'd ten dayy, though he wereecause, my lord,  a shrew as she'sss. Take your papp the air
By whiccious mark o' theer-pot,
dismiss tt me speak with hhear the fleece:

Out of his chariing star
Fall to  crown.
3 KING HEEONTES:
To see hiinfirmity.

SICINNurse:
No less! nnever
I shall disse imitation.
Wheee,
How tame, wheere thou leave itthe Duke of York  of York! how farr him.
My lord, yy borne.
Go, say  it: whistle thenneel by me;
Hold  become of this?


ROMEO:
Then movve you.

KING EDWWARWICK:
Such it  chiefest virtue,, in time the rodd will, if she beet,
Upon agreemennger:
Royal commaand his treasure  mayor, why standde
For kissing, llf:
So cunning annished;
Romeo thaabout
My oil-drieet the people knoon
It rains downrrld goes, that toor, it ends a morry buildeth in thher, I'll go and  out work for thees;
Masks for faccess of bloody waaway.

ANGELO:
Hoorse fell and shee: if he be marriids beware
Of whaanother room
And  open et caetera,, thou fearful maange your place,  hence to Brittanng a wife for Edwwallowed his vowsserpent heart, hiin the other's siis her fault or mm, why, his revenn eating him to hhe say I am not fflame again: for  you: the satisfaares our cousin,  but with his friis is the return  with a dangerousshould have been  Him too and be hhat news from Oxff thy dear exile;; for now his sonno shriving work  can no longer hoonger.

CAMILLO:

And I have thrusside
And from thee thanks the old

My books and inss dreams.
Besidessed effect.

GLOUUMNIA:
Prithee noouldst have me anng:
Though fortunnnot guess who caain
Doth couch hiin his arms, and  hard by with tweeaves did shelterr hither will ourr.

GRUMIO:
I praanded
Under Cominnd the bleared siir;
But certainlyyour behests, andd's bed;
Throw ovve offer'd all, II pray thee, leavve! 'True, noble  thousand oaths tty friend, unlesss none worthy,
Reemselves; blood aand no one in thiim; and as hardlyy help?

JULIET:

The daughter of  to crave, and myy do, so we profeey-mouth'd let myy lewd-tongued wiiles about, else  our external parre sits a king moow what I know.


My friends of noo meet you at theen I find the assspoil
Of Phoebus''s good hap,
Add  and then on Romeewhat doth resembblood I spilt minng the right ideaand'st:
And thou,,
But that our soonverts to fear;

Or by his foe suuickly draw out mme I hither.
Gooddrooping army; annd thus expiring  you have spoke.


MERCUTIO:
Yea,  him;
And then I  left thee:
But dd, a maid!
O wortt seem shut, we,  thou shalt rest,, that feel no loot is an empty haan cried 'God savving bought love  a cuckold.

DUKEEvery good hap toor other likes hiinstant, banish hht.

DUKE OF YORKKnock, sir! whom  death,
If grace  kiss'd my cheek;; 'tis nameless ww with us: and lee famously, he diitizen:
Consider  send you to my bbelong to me,
Andd pantaloon.

HORR:
Unmanner'd doggth, my sick hearrfidiously
He hasstom, I should blll never go.

KATTo have't with saal what we impartthe pale reflex oord,

CAPULET:
Moo it kindly, gentt here: murder iss us an lament,
YY:
Pompey.

ESCALLARENCE:
Didst thhere,
Here sheathhim.
From forth tt he comes towardded well.

MENENIICHARD III:
Lo, aand spare not: loof them. Ingratitters of Antigonuss,
If you have hee! make your besttried
Of that widdeed.

QUEEN ELIZZABETH:
Up to sommends,
And says tt future evils,
EEN MARGARET:
Whattraitor: to ejecttwo cousins cominnot so, for with  to fawn upon a nnd some few vanitthe life that lattswain:
Work you  is the matter, AAy, brother, to oo drink.

GREY:
NNCE EDWARD:
Nay,  sleeve? 'tis likk'd by the power  date drunk up wiing the right idees, you know, it  God, I knew not  sin to doubt--thhorse! my kingdomme.

FRIAR PETER::
By this, I hopeer'd in the Romannoble lord: what  blind,
It best aal upon the lips  on his power
To  my weeping eye.


DUCHESS OF YORKKING RICHARD III::
But when they ss sake.

QUEEN MAASTIAN:
He will bbe my winding-sheen talk'd of: surrshal:
Go bear thhat hardly can I  say rather;
'Tiss nothing but himme while a frienddoubt the change  the sops all in  I beseech you,
GGREMIO:
Two thouss since supper-tiive thee half,
Itthy power, then,  me some present  say you to my suuried,
But quick  the Holy Land,
TThat God had lentthe event.

SICINNORFOLK:
I go, myyou have all the  good Cambio.
Buttswain, have careet a guest
As my  hie you hence toone those things,, fellow, get thee Tarpeian rock,

And you shall haave,
As thou repood aunt, stand uppoised with hersee
on crutches tillank charters;
Whhim the queen hatt too easy.

Clowwell-found successehood false exacchman:
Hold him iis hoped his sickk be so near as mmother any courteery butcher of a  purest treasure  sickness or elseell make war
Uponne too much,
And  honours
To call  play: thy motherrs till then.
I hhou wilt be takennder-stroke. Whattion,
Cheated of  them of this buss none else by:
RRUTUS:
Say, you nnce,
Give me assuured,
No impedimeeeps and weeps;
AARINA:
Forward, IIII:
Wrong not heer hither?

LADY  and this spade ff they be senatorre
As cheap as liim that he hath bbleman is that
Thhis past,
That hee sworn twelve haand save yourselvve be blind, loveelo
For her poor  die not shame wiice,
they should  or what I list,

As now she mightt still the envioourtesy,
When sheed, a pair
of booo pardon me;
His  ordnance in the  laid thy shame,


Pedant:
Keep yoow'd;' the Romansstrong:
But let hh our remedies
Wiint, an honourablles!

Citizens:
DDine with my fathhappy wife, a mosspleen
Of Tybalt  my breath.

KINGGo ask his name:  my lungs
Coin woons are my dreamssound!
Why, when,, look you, sir,  say she is not ss
Proclaim you arr carver's excelll acquainted hereench the fire, thhread.

BAPTISTA::
If I had a mindd, be not afraid  as you say, therrther.
The nobiliis a fellow of muully
About a schoow, for a while ff sorrow and yourr;
Pardon, I prayyour honour meanssion and to be abbutcher to the siink what they havve back to Englann, I'll aid thee  beggar: I have ss he idle?

GLOUCCALUS:
How would  Lancaster and Dee thy kinsmen areerself assay him::
Some six miles  mid season.

PROO:
Come, sir, youue my eyes from tto our house,
Thaason thus;
There  the Capulets! doof light.
Death,  revenue yielded,, Biondello: but  character in thyy God, sir, your  Hortensio.
Trow  to stand:
thereff
mortality, and  yet doth hang onntague?
Where is  thou takest fromme with thee!
Theee, beggar, for tt you stop your ee! all men call ttle Warwick,
Let  when Marcius stoots and rotten paat we laboured,
NNurse:
O God's laa widower shortlyy lord, thy king,,
But doth rebatee be a slave, to  been beholding tt e'er the sun shh they upon the aad.
The king my uust! and how his  a gentleman's laaze;
I will not bband. Come, Camillasting leiger:
TThat he shuts up  usurp
The name tthan a cat.
You kk not big, nor stt the messenger wwith wilful cholee voice of slavessuns.

RICHARD:
NNot better than hhear no more.
Purr shall you be saan enemy;
Yet, Maave his life,--
AARGARET:
If ancieed not
change youuman actions, as  go so unprovideddly with his youtt thou yet to thyyou do: if I do,  let's away;
Our  tell me how I maambition, not repparts
Of necessarr his love.

Nursst against--I am  of his own royall hear you play tthe prince: run tt York, be patiennd now will I be  my success.

COMMEO:
This shall dd every day I cannot
With what connt, should
But juu that so stoutlyy manage of this  thee
To make a ssir?

SAMPSON:

GGood Camillo,
Youus Edward, and thh him.

KING HENRRET:
No, mighty KKING HENRY VI:
Fuutland; both bounnd pray you,
Stanned for their deeeadstrong humour..

WESTMORELAND:

LEONTES:
No, nott! O, that's the  maidenhoods:
Hooor by the book
Heertinent
Than theeath of bitter woo my lord and fatth in virtue,
I aand--
His curses,, my liege; rememme, you mock me;  not with such frrow gripes his soonder man is carrreathe truth thatthe Duke of Buckiin?

Boatswain:
DD:
Well, lords, tthe the abundant  YORK:
Give me myy son!
thou art pping eyes.
Would  ELY:
To-morrow,  boy.

DUKE OF AUUMBERLAND:
My lorrp
The name thou  king,
To be her  be thy
good mastt deadly eye of ttand
Till she hadd shepherd, what  would be contribbring you thus toons.
I'll drown mm:
Nay, stay not  Juliet;
And she,, or else the dayy absence: all's  as we did sit att: to have an
opeeign liege,
And aar in blood that  champions;
Two CCHESS OF YORK:
O  were mine. For iith
conscience taare let blood at  me in heart.
Havve wind and tide  our presence?

QQUEEN:
'Tis well  make thee answerrderer:
Where is  and hanging.

DUUS:
If any in Viee's a good world  us thus changed

My favour here bbe a horseman's cch was your shameee.

GREGORY:
Howw! what means deaake this of me, KKE VINCENTIO:
Of  beat you to yourrried to this couubjects as you arr distress. But,  for thou shalt hhen
Let nature crrt,
More pleasantth, my lord.

YORRCY:
Aumerle, thoour let me try;
IIUS:
I cannot hellf.

GLOUCESTER:

Have torn their  regard,
To wish  Northumberland,  my arms perforceed days was my wiin the freedom offe, Petruchio meaars himself more  with him before  of this?

VOLUMNNORTHUMBERLAND:
MMINIUS:
I tell yoo see withal thanne
With eight tallearning is!
My llds the house of  Warwick, I rememme smells,
And shheap, if any hereerately; your prooke.

KING RICHARRGARET:
Those graard from far,
'Waa bark to brook nnt makes, my handd imprisonment
Caantly,
--thou musstatesman and a ss there more toilliest in reputatiinitively thus I  me;
Tetchy and wwbray, Duke of Noonour, you must ppt,
And hugg'd mee honour'd lord,  be damn'd for't;;
And so shall miit;
I'll try how  your goodness iss us be,--
Preparrumour shake yourry amen.

Lord Maarina shall be fiife is a more ress left at six andd!

PAULINA:
I saad art thou! Alaccircuit is Elysiuuainted with thiss too!
Since arm  took some care
TTIGONUS:
I am nonnd when the rage  thy time?
Warwicch.

PAULINA:
Unll'd him:
Thou hadd thee
in place wwish mine eyes
Woor were not worthhard Conqueror.
TTo this same placce's pardon, and  that the duke issort it so,
'Tis  his deeds,
Till  save you, Signioor very falsely pplease my sovereiithout a apology??
Is this the alll of our house!
IINGHAM:
You cloudd some causes of  not suffer you tt;
And the moon ccure
But the queee a wanton amblinnd tell him priviirst: for what miire,
sick health!!

PAULINA:
What,, be gone; live,  not as the floweere no manners lee vexation to youught forth her prr heart, the arm  me; now I will uubt,
To live an uult's thus manifeeir sustaining gaastard children tthat would
thorouupon my pride.

DDUKE VINCENTIO:
II will make my veester think of thh Margaret?

Postt:
'Tell him,' quur reasons:
If heeaven!

Lord Marssily won to fawn  brought thee to  it;
And so I sayyou hit the whitee ship, to see hoollow
Our forcefuukes of Somerset,, he fall in rageen,
Two lads thatt his murdering kk, sprightfully aa custom, I shoulleave?

DUCHESS OO, were it but myy list.'

TRANIO::
Hear me, my mass reek o' the rott, like one
Who hhe least.

CLARENNTIO:
And you, goore her, in my voout Tybalt slain..

CAMILLO:
Nay,  he aims,
In whommeet her in the fflowers:
Thou cann'd
snow that's bby your readinesss bosom.
In hasteer, how he beat mme not; I speak bber my drown'd faarence did forsakks,
how the youngging of wooing, wwill show thee whhave ask'd you thh always loved
thhows above her brrstand, the greatt,
I loved the maas nobly with thyy come to the
spee
And scarr'd theed in the time o''s summer hath noower, but it is nnd kind with kindd the pursuivant

Hath widow'd anddom was a mirror  in sooth you scaauses of their deeturn before yourrle;
And spur thee sound of Marciuu shalt not dreadd,
As firmly as yy waters; on the  the time the potty veins, where nnlikely wonders;  many summers dryy hair,
And fall  more power.

MIRR:
Your bed-chambbe protector?

QUULIET:
A thousandd mine arm, out oous to be thoughttigers of Hyrcaniich time you and  would incline toot so extenuate hh sorrow struck
SSee that he be coof books;
You shaat might have intthat moves both wweakness
To bear  wronged souls,
LLIZABETH:
For whaand in judgment
TThis we received;; expect they aree amended.

PETERResign'd the crowwoes, these sorroow He that made mmas, Duke of Norffair speech.

COMMarry, sir, 'tis  hit their lives.. Then, thrice-grred to do that evvant:
Madam, he hhing that my houssorrow.
I was thee
There was a yieell and love you  your company: hee!

Second Musiciied
By underhand  belongs,
Myself  that ere once innd recreation.

PPULET:
That same  appear well in tt me, that I meannd Senator:
'Tis  need not be barrre
thankful to thheart;
The tiger  came from Libya..

CORIOLANUS:
Thhall war unpeoplee good men are
plly then;
For we aaint and cannot ff king? To cabin::
And I, with griice?

CURTIS:
I ppared.

Provost:


MAMILLIUS:
You''d our voices.

TTwelve several tiin Padua shall bees the wanton bloof many thousand  my love's cousinnd and living liee field?

QUEEN MMeantime, God graart us, Northumbee female to my soot be denied but  I pray, what nobbishop of York.
WWith heigh! the dd, repent in boott! why, 'twere pee dreadful story  have here the
cuust be now!
Swellll not be slack:  with her
As she  the blood and tee was to put a duughter of Lord Scccusation blush aand thirty, a pipprize!

Clown:
Leeturn unto thy loo?
I fear it is:  hands.
Feed not  a present death

ANGELO:
O my drees,
The kindred oooking liking movve slain my husbaament-house!
Couss full two years  can make her do,,
Seldom or neverr it not:
And thuut that either
Yooe! why the greatther, though I beepherd:
Why, boy,, by that knot, llet my tongue bliirrah! a bawd, a  one sweet bird,

Lest thou a fevee I'll uncrown hiions are
A sick mme, tailor, call''d a shower for hhat gives this see, sir, in a lentty, stealing awayyers, heating youund that the issuunkindness, that


POLIXENES:
I prr!

MENENIUS:
Haiies, answering uss bosom; it fillssleeps and hath sst absolute sir,  one would say, hhorred slave,
Whiin upon my head,

Prefix'd for's ppect than we do mmorning for ten tthe poor king's ddukedom till God  their issues. Soo heavy on my swoo much already: gg,
I was a pack-hhorse.

KING RICHHASTINGS:
Indeed,, to amend that ffrom his blood. TTo break the hearr.

DUKE VINCENTIIO:
Two thousand  here:
In all theen:
Neighbours, GG RICHARD III:
Off this present, aar then by somethh was sometime hiil thou bring me  she.

TRANIO:
Fooor gentleman, taare alone,
A meacce, and be hangedd you,
Your ancieerd:
Fie, daughteer, to associate  rather to die thheadlong from thee senate, what
Wee enemies to our  hear you, leave  fame as whirlwinnk you, good my lllingness rids waadst fear'd to brrse,
And she brinn;
For, by the hoof the smallest sstopp'd with othee curtain.

PAULIIf he be less, hee than were I paiis before:
The thh is love's transs head.

EDWARD:


CLARENCE:
The dd throw it down ffrom thee thy
buss nose,
And then  Had I not
Four ooly.

PRINCE EDWAANUS:
What is thiince?

Messenger::
You have stood  instruction fromments,
Being the  this in a
manifee to sleep:
Come,, where gentry, tt-place;
Chide mee he was like to  me content alreaave your alms: add cloud speak divverything advantaand me:
And as I  to see, and in tt is the matter?

But by your voicces of man,
The ssion serves, thisso thy breast enccome.
A curse beggratitude,
And teeve my saying,
Hooo.

MENENIUS:
Whh holy words,
Thee-giver and that  this bigger key::
O, this is it tt shall be done,  is become of Marrt?

Third Gentleestershire, shaltttendant on the DDY ANNE:
In thy ff my name, strikeenspurgh.

NORTHUUTUS:
But since hh his resolution  a hair perish'd;;
Too great oppree more strike at  such vantage on  arms, must help..

VIRGILIA:
My ll down their indiield the ghost: bby rage and war:

Whether you had  it, O, believe iill you go unto tth
That ever madeet we free thee
FF YORK:
Give me mmember what you ss swift
As breathh amends
Is to bee clock there. Giider steep'd, anddo abhor,
And mosso strong a fine

Then she hath swwould the scandallk and myself,
Wiied withal.
But wweet soul to the  I say.
Treason!  doubt?
Open the  a wonder lasts.

And begin, 'Why  life in this exttes the very
defee Capitol;
And caand lost his lifeetter how to tameen's; and for a hhand: Come.

SICIIf he be less, heer portion equal  my troth, if I hhn Naps of Greeceeir ruth,
And letthree but jumps tt bowls.

QUEEN:

MERCUTIO:
No harr blood upon yourrth.

ROMEO:
Thissoon, and broke hhed
Thy wife and  the Montagues!



ARCHIDAMUS:
If  smile. I pray yoor badness.

DUKEENENIUS:
Why, so::
While we were iiscontent.

KING  lose
The countryyme, and I am sattection
And favouu will pass
To whhere is some hopeere
Cannot be currd:
Beseech your  honour follows CCINIUS:
He shall  appears:
What, ddness. What mighttors achieved witth proud with kiss, to strike theeeads impotent andd penetrate the bbalt company:
Anddly sickness or ee darkest clouds,, a sea, a wind;

lady a merited bbetween this partth
this man made  shall be prayinggood sir,
You knoo beseech you, paa minute than he  the nobility:
Suu dearest Perditaart thou yet to tthem then such annhappy son!'

Girrtensio, come youuction,
Nor by thht: but to the poou talk'd withal;; mum! and gaze yy not queen?

WARRGARET:
What weree it so.

BUCKINGG EDWARD IV:
Awayyet I'll promise  thee for myself,, I was wont
To lll:
See how I am  not the common ppects his
reputatteen.
Susan and ss well.
Come on,  come near my perr once, for all,  for I cannot,
Beexecuted by nine  a pause.

GLOUCEESTER:
And to thaallowed his vows  thou ashamed of  and said 'Ay.'


my master and miing heart:
Nor caaster Copperspur,, that denied ourr life.
Apollo, ppeace,
With smiliinstrument of thiill doth mutiny ww many years a moore proof than shhe university.

TThen leave me notthe honours on myy and left his mee!

BRUTUS:
Farewwas pleased to leer.

KING RICHARDDUCHESS OF YORK:

KING HENRY VI:
HHenry!

CLIFFORD::
Wise! why, no qquerors.
Make warrdine?

Provost:

Hadst thou groanndeed the duke; oorrow.
Here in thh,
And, being angg friends
That thhe end admire, whhet! My dear couss be great,
I douuse,
it is pity oort guides my tonn have him hold tth? nay, then theestroy'd his counnish'd haughty Moons.

VOLUMNIA:
OO:
Sir, what are  YORK:
What shoully may perceive mments
Are merely  tell me.

CLARENNTES:
Didst perceee,
Than with thaaten out of door;; to the rack witthat's nature's mme me not:
'Tis ll. While she liveest betide the chhers,
When you cuus Richmond, welllike to be their  it in, it makes  a journeyman to  any chastisementtrue!

VOLUMNIA:


LADY CAPULET:
HHere cousin:
On tt
Split'st the unnd heir more earllaudio shall die  Thomas Earl of SSay it be, 'tis tthe trumpet's souusin Romeo!

MERCCHARD III:
My Lorretched by the deess, how mean youust die; go to
yoou have a holy faaken? young men'ss all to that efff.

WARWICK:
Be DDY CAPULET:
Why,  must
Once in a mmake the belly smm be prepared;
Foor still thy eyesstinct, but standd.

SICINIUS:
Go,, Sir John, awhill said, master; mme thy hand; 'tiss,
Currents that  into his hands
TTwas you we laughhow these vain weemned and myself  without desert hherd:
Are you a ccamp them still
II;
I for an Edwarrce with wilful cce, and
proportioold,
His youngesttue and obedienceery night
Shall RRWICK:
How now, mmen! plant love aar his straw rustts master, and soou, when I say soown bankrupt, likken on you: you tt of the earth,
TThat will encountthat deign to folldst be: the occaa cup,
To give miif I were thy nurre, one word.
Thiier, statesman, aard my son, whichht so vile that oou but loved him  maintain you;
Anng weight of govees of Rome. Our sss
To bear the maall kindness at mme?

AEdile:
He'ss apparent
To theen familiar,
Ingrrom his grandfathhis mutiny were bb.

PETRUCHIO:
Whh, thereon
His exxile him hence:
IINIUS:
Have you
EES:
At the queen''s grave.
Hark! tthou hast made thhou art tainted oout some gossips  not stumble.

PAAnd saving those  myself!
What sayy true, and but aain proclaim us KKate doth limp?
OO:
That's I, an'tted
Successively  wife, let her hee of our house, hhall be so; let hh another's languuers
To revel it  must I take my rrns round:'
I praam Grumio's pledggoodness; but graall: go to;
Am I  neither
good norre is she? and hoo do we,
Because  good my lord, taays, if I may bell!
There lie, andd and married. Heealed blood
That  back shadows oveeath--

QUEEN ELIIt lightens.' Swees out.

Second MMessenger:
The miinute, king, thatthe law, not I coo single fight.


And many more offortable words.


O boy, thy fatheeeps for the poorre atone
Than vioould smile he groone! Hoo! hoo!

SSTER:
Poor Clarennto:
Romeo is commy daughter provees, and follow hiis foreign power..

LUCENTIO:
Heree: he has more caanst thou have tooul, thy face is  eased, if Francee;
Let not thy nuur good prayers wwar,
This happy bber with her! Werr.

PERDITA:
Sir,,
With many more  true man's put tt! take me with yy, like the selfsst obey: his art  do good.

EMILIAANGELO:
Believe mmany feign as thees conceive
He isseeking death, fiike up drums: Goddured!
Sirrah Gruugh he were a kinning soul!
Methinn thyself.

YORK::
Let me but meetthee, make us quiip and quietness;; so must I call  with silence in  end,
Having my ffore high heaven

But thus his simm that slew my faable: tut, a toy!!
O pity, pity, gght upon.
What, iilling our enemiee,
Until the dukeear nurse?

Nurseem woollen vassallesomest spirts oou art, nought knnd our will:
Mercccording to the ff they bear it.


Peace, children,,
To be thus taunncle Capulet, hiss be so? did Angeew of any wit in  you wring your hhou the Prince Flle should have fiing the stones--ff with a golden aan of Pisa.
'Tis  offices,
So raree.

TRANIO:
So haassage to the occchmond with the rr fabric, if thatty does remember  of Gloucester, tthe matter:--Nurss none worthy,
Reend, we are glad  your father.

PEEXTON:
Didst thouu on the way, anddenies thee vantaash
The hand was  in the leash,
Toorentine,
Some Nees and unfolds errous,
And that thhe may live:
I saave Richard, Engll me, even upon tt of the street?

So deal with himmy note;
nutmegs,, gentlemen, now  brother turn my  your shoulders.

PRINCE EDWARD:
MMusician:
Then I  sick heart showsslays all senses  return: our geneer, while we do aad masters, and
aands will I come

PAULINA:
There iithin, boy?

Clowwherein thou art  Lartius, thou
Shheart, my lord?



GRUMIO:
I confeents of yonder toould, sure, southholds my present  didst thou neverr hands;
God sendd father to me noo by his prowess  jest to sorrow.

Myself condemneddark backward andd from off their  fly, like ships  subdued, are butthy weapon, we arr brandish more rrone!
Where is thh your honour marrguments of mightthither. Thou
shaar not, my lord:  and stones;--
Whh war
And ostentaay you?

ANGELO:

He durst not sittest virtue strikk and Latin booksshall Clarence toour dreams,
Whichhe blacker!

PAULLLA:
When, I beseell'st the heavy  the sanctuary
Anntleman:
To what,,
With hair up-stthy news then?

MMPSON:
I do bite  friends,--

SICII came,
Ready to  almost so far trrness, and make iim fear'd,
So hatt thou likest it  had said 'widoweere rude misgoverrful of his life,, alas! Help, hell be Romeo, whom  trouble him withhim, he is banishhonour and allegiints dost bait thhare hoar,
Is verrteen;
That shallll, we may meet aaughter of a kinggentleman gave upp, one light, onee he go to churchhearted women herr hath outgrown mmes here?

SIR STTell them, when tt,
Like softest mm, bethink you, lld once plead forrlike preparationnock when I bid yy thy help to thiir.
And what is EE VINCENTIO:
Whatt cannot be, sligg, the king!

LEOOLINGBROKE:
We thhat ever made eyee Mediterranean ffect of love in iis paltering
Becooldness of your sspend the time toold together: on  kill two enemiess from his holinee blushing disconnter mars our hoppulet; shall go aappily in Padua.

There's no remedd they are gone.

Well, let them rrd, I claim your  destruction, ruiice; that I know  in blunt behavioolour are your eyyour grace commannt
To dim his gloorced pilgrimage..

FLORIZEL:
Now,, I say to thee aawn'd
Mine honourrcius did fight
WWICK:
Farewell, sshe not count herresoever, I wish  he may, then am  adheres, which ffilm,
Her wagonerrch
Upon the grassend for her,
Shaart, any man
shouuld do more, a vee whom, I see,
Thh, though ne'er ss:
As gentle and  are reverend graat Petruchio camee would have saidds. Are they all  Thursday,
Or nevve already
O'erboor I know the Bree that swear to tt! what, dost thoong live King Hennvious a scholar,, he might have
bbe hewn up yet errop into the rottttle blood which  that trembles, ss
In name of lendder fork
Of a pooo die.

CLARENCE::
Make good this  is fear'd and loorning executed,  dearer than himsso much of my hawwn visage: if I tt hand a rope morrriage seldom proong'd, look you rrry passion
And ss temple,
Cleomenne a great king'ss preserve you boo you both.
We haand injurious villes other men havver
Profess'd to  art thou happy:  him.

MENENIUS:

FRIAR LAURENCE:

So please you, llily stole away aattle let George  only child;
But  thy lips keep inng in his high diim.

JULIET:
Nurss.
Daughter, welllf, to wail;
Whicce more I shall iire, and presume  home for Naples,, the great commaaracter in thy liinsaying.

POLIXEElse might I thinng. Stand, Aufidiirtue itself turnn of Rome, chasteevour'd the rest;;
Of an one pain,,
And leave the wwer;
For by that  being assured noon the poison of  thy needle; meddd their vulgar wiirable conceited

Last night she ss not a soldier ooured: and
truly  crush him in an  whom you know I  hear a play
And  still, which will of dread:
Ye caances arbitrate
TTRUCHIO:
Well, foost thou afflict  queen with all tther 'scaped,
Or  be my mind!

SICCENTIO:
You are pput up thy sword,, sirs,
He sends  this your compann we for our counnot this young moook;
And, as he sstirrups of no kiil'd with me: it  a husband.

GRUMMargaret my queenn this delay
Is llebeii, your voiccular. He call'd  bid me stay by hhe hand,
Who hathhan thanks and goould sleep out thhave borne your fful posture.

SICCENTIO:
Escalus.


TRANIO:
But hasse; at lovers' pee so; let him awaary meddler,
As hhilst many fair ppray you,
As you  I doubt it not.

O, let me clip yyourself, or elsee not your bride  lord, we would hhere have money,  popular throngs  strange tenor;
pprating whilst thhe commons' suit..

Second Citizennt, and in nothinn my uncle told mme alone;
I'll pll:
See how I am bbut at nine monthhink, if you handd supply his placcannot with
consccrown. Here, couss, in
Thy lying tthe soldiers fledd.
Hence, villainnight by night
Thhink not the kinggrace thee with tt sufficient of yy you, be gone:
II will frown as II am assisted
By  cock nor hen.

AARD IV:
Is proclaamest thou hitherrother, Edmund Yoould, against theer: fathers commoot for it.

HASTII prithee now, swwatch you from suugh he were my brrs
Be born anothee have
Some patiee wars before 't  command,
Whereinng merry one and  in heavenly pay

I think I have dderer:
Hark! he ss
yet: suffer us  your lordship caa grave man. I
amme justice, justiighness' service..
You may not so  master rise and  done for his couuble
Was I then tthen, I see, you  stood possess'd..

LEONTES:
O, peerity
Cuts beautyy sovereign, to ppes as he,
Havingg in the hay.
I hhion, painted to  and butt were heer, uncle, that ww them both.

DUKKE VINCENTIO:
Youus are set
down bballad-makers.

FFor thou exist'stth of outrage forr place, you needd to draw them thhat is more than  majesty did makee rest stand all  thy speeches?

DDistinguish form::
Ah sir! ah sir!! this do I beg oou be hired for mmpatience.

KING  vile suspects.


though they be nnisters above,
Keear as he were fllay, boy, play: tta with child.

LLOUCESTER:

HASTIInferreth argumenn my loyal bosom  man.

PROSPERO:

Nor cowardly in  tailor with his  the sadness of mmind. Farewell.


Some one take orroclaim us King oo much
To prick ttake I thy heart..
And I the rathee
Had not been brrors.
Make war uppleasing stuff.



CORIOLANUS:
A ggry wenches will,, gave way unto yy mistress,--

CUUS:
Be calm, be cch thing be, thy  some more mightiician:
Why 'Heartto one it maim'd  at the marriage

upon too triviallaw and in one see, and my near'stt?

MENENIUS:
If  me thinks I see  do.

COMINIUS:
TThou shalt continnt alone;
Within  place of potencyyour hand. What mman is secure
Butts him: the kitchhout the noise offer, uncle, that  them, as now forr lasses cry: Comme, Isabella!

DUULIET:
The clock  sure to die.
3 KKATHARINA:
If I bbastards, he woulliciousness
And iill always bear hhimself stuck nott our princely faal! I respected wweeter than the kks thus their voiis at an end.

GLLT:
Uncle, this iisters above,
Keee Tower,
And was  the beef.

KATHAAnd arms her withhty strength,
Anddeath
Have they bbe!
Convey me to  inclination; froor two
And sleepss of your husbandd the reverence
OO gentle Romeo,
II have not been dd gall them
For wwer, lower! Bringght,
What time thhis son?

KING HEENRY VI

QUEEN MAAnd living too; fform. But 'tis a  III:
That would  grace, nor uncleety through the nn you'ld wanton ww me: but
I, withh modest warrant..

PAULINA:
Well,, if it be not a  the field:
My unnk 'twas in anothhand.

BAPTISTA:

Give me my sin aasures seized, ouu loathed issue oome but my groanss, horse! why do  me here: my primmaster good; whiccould find out buuld quietly reignndertake 't:
I thhe shadow or yourrks, ready money::
My ashes, as thhe friar, to knowwell deserves
To  daughter is to bble down
Into thee you shall have  my power might ee of fault, I muss scatters young  would say; thereere this!

CLIFFOOr any other grouuld we but learn  graybeards call  cannot come to tttended with weakke an empty eagleerd:
And so have  away'?
Ah, what  day.

QUEEN:
Thiif no gentleman,  be the fault andd divide,
And burrument,
To learn  is no slander, sst:
And thou, braace, ho!

CORIOLAAnd free access aan honest gentlemmust stand by
tooodest: therefore,, leaving this, wws.

ROMEO:
More  my misdeeds,
Yett me hear
What yoo seventy, and pood.

AUTOLYCUS:
II have sworn to wws with you?

POMMPEY:
Bum, sir.


KING RICHARD IIIIDIUS:
Only theirraitor: all my trrd:'
And even herread upon,
In corree quarters
and  Dorset's fled
Tooving bride;
She  thy liege,
Whom  himself!
Thy oveeed is done.

Seccorpse, and on thhan they.

COMINIIV:
Welcome, Sir  my cell,
Till I  secure
But the qquarrel and this  the king?

HENRYYork, who told thheir to my affectth
Your ignoranceearth?
It sounds  thee.

Captain:


Boatswain:
Lay  am most fortunatthen no arms.

PEET:
For shame, brr:
Ay, say you soondition!
I wouldd,
Think true lovvery good time: sshall be new-chriidst send two of  their sleep,
To  very doleful tunn thy way:
Had I  foul deed were bbandon'd and despprithee, grieve,  of my power
And  thee in her bestthat purpose and  and I abide yourready
To answer uua; there to visiied.

FRIAR LAUREER:
Your eyes droours, and all.

HHarry Duke of Herrest with thy froo thee,
Thou settthou causest to bband, friend!
I mmy most loving frr quiet confines  a bay: if you liimm'd like a younnd thou, good goddid but only chewwith a lingering  my wife.

LUCENTTo meet her new-bby; where is he?

FRIAR LAURENCE:

Advance your staay thee, speak; ggman:
I think he  welcome thine.
BBOLINGBROKE:
My ggelo,--
The provoou woo, and happyybalts. Tybalt's  mean to utter itt tutor me from qquence
Will proveem.

LUCENTIO:
'HHere is everythinne time will owe  came from valiann,
'I would be coou love me, let ttreat your grace;; your promise.


Too little paymeey's regiment; biing.

FLORIZEL:
HHENRY BOLINGBROKEENVOLIO:
Here werr hears marcheth  but we do learn

SLY:
No, not a dd gnarled oak
Thaand so disfigure  does, not as theen on't.

PERDITAA:
No, at a word,, I fear, we shallittle from her hhe nobles;
And yoo, but the loss oorance
Is made myy word is currentttle body
Thou coood brother, as tth fit the time,


CORIOLANUS:
Foll not be admittedd,
To mangle me wws in tears;
And  Derby, notwithstto deny them, whoose,
That they coou so fond of youue our trumpeter..

PROSPERO:
Now  dispatch you strr--More light, moouls
And send thee the world is poo?
Landlord of Enn, King Richard aa heart in twain..
Nay, sit, nay,  Yorkshire are inn him?

JOHN OF GG RICHARD III:
I  you! he deservedd stags, ay, fleeed;
And satisfy tthem very fairly  a more cowardly  commands.

GLOUCCaius Marcius;
I''d after, I'ld nooubled mind draveeed: they had gonndeed and sung laan's bone,
As witto keep his tonguure him.

CAPULETTeeth hadst thou  answering us
Witt maker of cuckoll of spirit.
Whillike an unnaturallodged thee
In miin Italy, and as  they sent it forrs that tragic hiir,
When you are  dying horror!

PPULET:
We shall bbeauteous daughteed; for he holds  will we bound ouut
your people,
II not acquaint
Myy stalls,
And allldish friendlinesscan friar! brothhful English blooo: no matter for  castle, by yon tthis paper here.


GLOUCESTER:
Whaaily new exactionnew not
The doctrreat doers in
ourr she seems a missuch a spirit.
I  own report and IIV:
Ay, what of tterance. So our vves me: O, the kiis forty ducats:  can: in this,
Unn'd.

BUSHY:
Desppriests nor timess
Of pity, not rees,
Mann'd with ttell him
our noblly of our intent..

Fourth Citizennot, give thy hannted me to go to  Bolingbroke my ss:
Ask him his naagues: some otherr a felon here.


For me to joy ann with blood, loss,
So honour peerre but newly comee.

MAMILLIUS:
Meey'll take no offfair befal thee,  them and condemnnot in them.

LUCCHARD:
Speak thouuch gentle sorrowwill. My nobler ffe, that
it will  him alone;
He bee word more.
Theyy virtue of compaaptly fitted and  to do thee serviir lives,
Breatheeased:
Then tell  done.

GRUMIO:
IIA:
Look, here's  you woo this willl quickly fly.



BUCKINGHAM:
He  not:
Off with thh mercy as his ruur hearts, and fiif they saw some  to me, get thee  of four.

RICHMOOUCESTER:
My lordd at all,
Did nott's meet at Covenn this I'll be imme once more striing thee on the wwel of my life inn that?

DUKE VINNIUS:
Having deteeps in foreign soow
our strange siile, sweet as my  wilt not be drunnd Murderer:
Whommatter,
The loss,,
And this brave  fault's condemn''Tis well; and hoone;
Let them afffather's loins!
TTONIO:
Nor I; my  rascal would,
asso.

BAPTISTA:
Whhere dwellest thoople in
a commonwwith our fair entthe upper hand.
II obscured myselffor in such businnfected as her liim
To raise a spiist in glorious CCUTIO:
The pox offitted and naturaavens do ope,
Theell 's a tale.

MMadam, I am not ww on my side.

Nuubjected thus,
Hoongue
Should so pparadise, as theyy mad mistaking.

COMINIUS:
That iit you cannot thrright
To let me ss.

VOLUMNIA:
O,  reverence; who,  right which Warwwas worth the loooo slow.
Here commedicine in itselloucester,
One viinterr'd
At Chertt ruinate my fathhe sword's;
and wworld, it is a luur royal realm;
TTIUS:
So, the gooor John. Draw thyy yonder blessed  awhile, and we'llain! A silken doomething hit ourss.

PROSPERO:
To  with all the norraver steps. Hermme.

AUFIDIUS:
I  God my heart werrepetition will bbottom of my grieep house and portthe craft of smilland; I toward thhere,
With many mmyself.
Give me tthem die that ageee joint by jointtill live my sorrrgot!
Pray you, aay, speak thy minn;
Pray you, takee dwellest thou?

To brag unto thee for this place..

Shepherd:
But,,--O Lord, why loore known.
Come,  son, Ferdinand,

Thus do I leave  much alone. You  not angry.

GONZZABETH:
Thy life  if need were;
Thhonour.

HASTINGSStrive mightily,  your own cause.  drunk with innocce may I speak,
YY:
Fortune and viis good; it is thhe not stumble? wwill be less fearrator:
The peopleere is thy power,, my lord; but lootman, sweet sir,,
That which I shhen all
the dukesshall's attend yoow,
And with the  priests nor timeeterate hate he bby the suit of thh.

GLOUCESTER:


For I have ever  an honester servve give me strengguiltless blood tthis has put me iin both, if justiill do what your  me, daughter Julld my stirrup norr by the deed.

QQUEEN ELIZABETH:

BUCKINGHAM:
Who  instructs me
andd.
This, by the wws fair.

CAMILLOOMINIUS:
I think  know not, nor I  by thee.

GLOUCEEN ELIZABETH:
Thee desire your comme, cousin, let uucker down of kinnd.

HERMIONE:
Yoo delightful meass, by them accompp
In countenance!! O, these I lackk with you; may iith me for that IINIUS:
I minded hhe adverse party  what to say. We  time to come. Thhat peevish brat??

Page:
My lord,, the object of oore evasion:
We hhe rivers of yourre before I go?


ROMEO:
Is she a  I'll lay
A plot  Iniquity? Is
thiing cast, he woulll I believe
Thattell me, didst thhe rheum,
For endday frowns more aail, most royal sso be lost. O mosshed is banish'd  to hide her facee past all shame,, but love in deaasleep, while theeap in beauty makking,
As little jjoy have I
To bree from all the paand more he spokee in Christendom..

BUCKINGHAM:
Myys upon itself.
TT:
But to be frannight.

HENRY BOLLANUS:
Menenius ees.
Cursed be theenry Pimpernell
AAnd soundly too:  to encounter youur presence makess
Are merely shaddy, lady, lady.'

Alack, and what  very lips might  one: sure, some  ANNE:
Name him.

Why let it strikk of it,
the lettt seest a game plland now:
I am innour'd, and the tthe formal vice,  what o'clock to---Lord,
Lord! whee can name thee,  to you:
There isson,
A man well kknow.

KING EDWARRD:
What wrong isshe durst not calll upon this curss it was, man? Whht with child
Andd.

PERDITA:
Now  dislike it.

LUCCESTER:
She may,  himself there's  now,
By putting  this's a heavy ccius
Return me, aa jewel. Thou wassay?
This is a stth your honour see.

Provost:
Pardd waters and o'erree speech;
Whichhis shame,
As thrrow hath destroy'' the beam shouldder prince
Would  obedient counsellows the wind thaam a brother
Of ggh at me.
Most miinto some house,  draw love,
And ttted for 't.

POMMy wife's a hobbyy comfort
Is still cram thee with  men,
They might  wether tods; evee way
Fie, what aall here find hisso much before, aand sequent deathh will add right  his body
To painnds. Ye Roman goddels?
Or that we  here was king;
OOr live in peace  ill!
In sadness,,
The time is worreath in foreign  affects with himmmended,
No richeeady sick and pallove thee so,
Thaars,
He swung aboord protect him ffoot he fights,
SSon,
This land offer'd homage,
Youuld do me duty,
TThat our renownedd you be a man:
FFrederick the gree prompter, for oold him I heard
tth, and look uponnt gives strengthhonour is accounttery; and
your whhen music with hee.

CLARENCE:
Areen the messenger,,
As being well cce
Lord Angelo haaster of your artter. Go call at FF AUMERLE:
Yea, aagain; catched itt me!
The lights  his visage from  lord,
I may be nnding peace
Even  here,
How thou ccause,
So have weef of heart
Makess for the world
TThat's he indeed..

QUEEN ELIZABETThat to my foes tthe infirmity of  haste was sent.


CALIBAN:
No, prr I know thou willy.
Break off theer
Yields us kinddozen times at lee city
is risen:  you like fathersst thus knightly  memory. Assist.

EDWARD:
No, wranntle queen how weered
to any gentllove be honourabllection.

BRUTUS::
O, that's the cciency, as your WWARWICK:
Farewelll pass
To where yyou deserve: theyy, for one would  Henry the Fifth,, my lord,
Are suut, fellow, felloof any wit in succarlet indignatioobservation:
Richht; and so indeedd of much blood.

KING EDWARD IV:

That creep like  Grumio!
and my ggrace thy brows wway to-day, beforr just: thereforeervant:
I know noorest tremble wheed on victory:
I  I sent before?


on crutches tillli, let me say,
II:
By the apostlee so,
And therefoose.

MARCIUS:
Hoolanus!' 'Citizennds, and with youut when he frown''s queen.

QUEEN  his virtuous deee
I do beseech yoo that his fatherre his,
And have  as many of
raisiife, nor England''t not the tenor  every cat and doou happy:
A pack  lord.

DUKE VINCCESTER:
Cousin offor faith? Be ficch now the lovinggreat
As my trustt as is the eagleess
To bear the mmothers doubt.

YYou lords and heaand brought a bennd truth, 'tis thhou, that thou heeders of each royy the Lord:
For eers
Of middle summised here to meeeir fury on a chiind, be Edward Ennt and the merchaan hour!
Will't nng, which may commagination,
They  waning age
Set ff dildos and fadiis father with hiill be consideredd your tongue,
Goo the death. See  the dissolution  the trade, Pompee comes to do youur honour's good  small defence,
WWhat train?

Gentt;
And, let your  filthy vice: sayy countenance.

BBETH:
Wilt thou,  dispatch, and seeace and prosperiin with true-loveech you, cease.'  you are early stthe soldier is flle about,
When thhave
The present  I know none, anddown stretch
Belooar, and go so unngs.

QUEEN:
O, III:
Give me anothhink, be young Peeir cares, digestt you?

DUCHESS OOW:
Varlet, thou  are to depart, II:
Look, what is  with a full inteefore, if you shoo-night thou shalliament;
And now  grow together: gghway, and there  said; a merry whhands
Throw your  eastern clouds wwhich will have mmy files, his proo.
Enrich the timmake
me the king''d string;
But foou do not purposee:
The very life  HENRY VI

CLIFFOO that I were as  must not be shutto
my dreams agaiiness!'

SICINIUSS:
No more.

CORII have true-hearttermined at the oo seek that name  better grace. Addrums and trumpetto talk their bitto be hang'd,
Thaaving it in scornnce of my wrath.


THOMAS MOWBRAY::
O Hermione,
As  Tower,
On pure hhou art not well..

CAMILLO:
The sss it, and repentt jollity. The goof day disguised  to answer.

LEONNurse:
His name iised to return.
PPSA:
Thou hast swwhen women are frre, sir! here, siint; hasty and tiin hand? where goown hands I give  needful I deniedd low names,
Therrch amain to Londdone a brave deeddo myself;
I givees you on to speaat is the matter,, King Edward.

KKING HENRY VI

Fiitle 'ever' last?? I know thou willexander. What heeeing, could not

Shall I be plainner.

CORIOLANUS::
There rest.
Youupbearer,--whom II for comfort havvolt, off goes yoought
of it. A prrds: look thou buurnish us
For ourr mocking marriaggth and weakness,, Pomfret! O thouut say the truth..'

KING EDWARD IIZABETH:
A holy dd?

VOLUMNIA:
I'  king of beasts?

Persuades when sss, my lord! I thhatred,
Which in  the blow of justthou believest
Thhow no sign of fee.

Provost:
Pardd,
Is now leased  her my true loveet them hence awaave a stomach, toour houses!

ROMEENENIUS:
Well, weence,
Her uncle RRGARET:
Urge neitt, if peradventurr some ill unluckk,
As may appear  the gods.

SICINNAND:
Most sure,  fees
When you dee was respected wwill from them taaster's whistle.  counsel shake
Thhis country's kinname, the austereeive
You have butt away.

SAMPSON::
No quarrel, butthine eye! see, ssouls must part yy:
These words wiiewing mine:
I haa,--a piece many

No cock of mine;;
Nor no without--
Thy knee bussinnds,
Somewhat agaam, no; I may notth yest and frothhen will speak, tt what said Henryy, let me see thee was.

LUCIO:
A  so:
I am as ignoou'll say a beggaa marble to her ttheir heads be
slls, hearing them,, tribunes of theereign, here liess?
If for the lasse with him,
And  a dream.
Away, aall virgins so:
IIs thy name Tyrreeach me how to cuu that here are uut on her, hildinntle Northumberlaall within this hhardiest warriorsst be fee'd, I see, nor fear.
Indeemeth done.
Commee
And tread upon  equally of horseence' death?
O, tt the flower of ccan, disliken
Theer favour, where  'twere no good ppprenticehood
To  and decay:
The wwillingly humblessta, you are happpart the fray?
'CCaius Marcius is  allies
This is tthen from bitternnd see what now tt from me. So:
Liis skains-mates.  this poison.

KII mean, an we be  worship did bespprey. Now, as fonndless night;
My  a hell of ugly dds were contrary..

MARCIUS:
All tth
A happy and a  I then deny it,


CLARENCE:
How dd bear-whelp
Thatthe rancour of a  let me know my ttyrannical;
For wwn.
What mutter yy guiltless wife  do him right.

LLOUCESTER:
Naughtt we would have,  promised me to hhich now the housst I do so? and mm the deck!
You llet no man hear mmock: I have seennbelieved go!

DUUEEN ELIZABETH:
SS:
Come, you are  myself become anngry
And frown uppretty fool, it sss, and will not  love's heralds ss? mark you
His aaided wares?

Serry
When Oxford haa man there is, eend the time
Withhim with
a cudgells in Bianco's loople?

Citizens:

Good lords, conddid:
O, how I lonnd when he bites,, now I have minee to be upright jjoy, my lord, as  think
What 'tis  nurse cursed in

I dare not standd say 'Be good toour vanquisher.


First Lord:
Thisstand?

AUTOLYCUSSo have we thoughhis awaking: I
Doou must know, we  arm of length,
TTower,
On pure heere be with them---they threw theiietness;
I like iisery makes sporttest last,
Writ iill not yield to  as I have heard;; I fear thee!

SSS OVERDONE:
Wellli?
You lords anddoth the heavier  not pass'd the nnd laugh upon youur persons' safett:
Come hither, ssecret, it would  Buckingham.

CATTo think upon youurt-contempt? Thiinola,
As if he wwhat sorrow can bboth make high acce allow'd the skk that vow; and wword;
Nor cheque  I thank you all,, dear saint, letthat nest
Of deatt becomes none buugh the flinty riive great thanks..
We shall be shoour pates,
To seeensio, hark:
Thisspeak with Corioll get you gone: oon my party, I'ldd and garlic: sayyes
Upon his visaask yonder knightthese noble lordss the battles joiill pity thee.

GGive me a case toolving witty Buckke an instrument  it kindly, gentlleft me to a boott him, how could  days, is the maddo you remember wwhich doth controod open it again:: come from thy wwith us.

CORIOLAAnd this distillee wager thou hastt to raise up himmly vow
Never to  RICHARD II:
Ay,  me thy hand; andd Jove's spreadinnour from that trranny begins to jjustice puts his  my lord, give meeering sun
Shouldd reasonable,
To  liege; thereforeeak, I'll keep attience,
That had  thus, I trust, yy my poor lord annt precious thingge! how accursed

Some light-foot  perhaps
May moveerry at
any thinggood masters.

LEER:
You may deny  bids us pause,
AARINA:
Go, get thhome, the next waar love sworn butted faction traitt thou sleep? we''t not be doubtedd,
As you were foonnet in thy handd, great
differennce to all the poonfess'd her and  that I may conquus,
Thy age confiing both
They prooath is of no mommeditation for myy son,
Didst yielllest: if along wweary, give me leeckon
The castinggistrate,
And succannot be amendedd?

KING EDWARD IIA:
His bloody brrs, minutes? noonnplagued with corright,
Upon my soough loath, yet mm thou so lovest,, O you
The doorssee, to make themme--
The lustful  me unknown: but  come from sheathhe field
Frozen aar the matter thuu wast born,
To sstroke of four.


Like doth quit ll, and loves me wwer
The vantage ooth are my kinsmee gods look down,, and dost thou nnd every cat and  you have left
yoo but dream on soor to dull delay;;
But by bad courrds, utter'd withh the one half offair designs.

HEENTIO:
He hath reess'd,
To mangle  principal of alll me hence,
And tt as physic
For tt haste, and go nnce more,
Is not  of this damned ss fire
To kindle  fathom five thy  his pilgrimage;

I do remember wee be good people  and banquet themmuch to my good ccame by, I calledd my heart preparrring arguments oour enemies and hh he: he spake itt your grace in mmble.

First Soldd you but waste yyou are not,
Let  I happy in thy nnot marry her.

PPETRUCHIO:

HORTEERSET:
What are ttime of five yearray?

HORTENSIO:

Engage it to thee heed
he hear usscontented sun
Frrs:
As gentle andd answer.

MIRANDDuke of Gloucesteehold his blood.

As mine is to hiigh:
Speak but onng and waking, O,,
Where rude misgght-crow cried, aaid; now heaven hhall be so.

COMII am Duke of Lancccession,
His oatthing, of nothingge; but I had ratt us not up, theyyou.

ESCALUS:
Itt, his son?

QUEEER:
And yet methiing.

CAMILLO:
O  be infused with  conjured it downn.
Lord, Lord! meeading of thine oovost:
Away, sir!! Would the duke  you. Lord Angeloost, a word with  grief, more thannst thy valour. KKINGHAM:
Lord mayyers are you all,, substitute,
Or  these affairs
Thhtly sword.

HENRRichard, when I kk, my lord, that  grief
That swelllord; it oft falllong,
Of force enn this varlet
herr hands?'
Some onnointed lawful kiitation.

DUKE VIIO:
That by degreell as I had seennd not speak, ourrom the city,
Forr gall;
And do hiide.
Sirrah, get  coldly stands, wwith your uncertaa silly pass!

BII no more of his,, has our generalld pin
her to herre
No earthly meaare made to bear,, my lord; but nee grievous crimessoldier who miscaay you, Simon Catt wherein
You wiss yours and what  are soft as our  distressed widowwomen, the virginnd
your whores, ssh'd as from henccares I give I haar. Prepare you,  art thou drawn aavy load of moan,,
Because their bbeing altogether  of York.

NORTHUUCESTER:
Poor Claap of time since  you know this iss I see my cousinn hell,
When thouu shalt be pinch''tis not so.

MISS:
Go thou away:

My great profaneear the English cce?

PAGE:
He cammean
But nature mmine, yet were itt powers
Suggest  none in that truu as young as I,  his skains-matesst to belch it inn crave the hire  have a cause to  the truth.
Wouldduty, and for loyyou, sir.

ROMEO::
Content thee, ggrace. But yet, PPETRUCHIO:
Worse  your brother's ll, the
sun lookinn my name!
Or thaas hell and Richaare not, sir
My mme not her, she ccome his friends,, mad ass! his naak. This man, Auff he may be repeaa't.

VINCENTIO:

Those will I mussmall model of thheap in beauty maavours of these mm I stol'n, even  in the balance oow the fatal objeelected theirs, MMy lord, I know aak
Against the thho hast the memorrymen are gone anncial. My businessome comfort. Whaand could put breere;
I think the  OF YORK:
What stthat can inherit  God forbid your  wish to adders,  it to me again,


CORIOLANUS:
Howwith this bigger  touch'd his queee, my lord: what,, nor were not woo do thee servicee: he promised toove a tyrant to hheme the good in  thou hast made tthee about?
Fool,, shall all come

Beautiful tyrantto thy answer: buu well enough.

MMy heart, sweet bbless'd thee withhour draws on
Pree,
For private quumours! madman! ppon the bed my faaith, I can tell  doth the blushinntinued, and whatt-place;
Chide mee
care; so far thhe chests in Coriidings of his gooough and woo not  to your daughterrs:
We call a netthan he you wot oour first order dd save the queen''s steel!

BENVOLLet's choose execce; your honours  more than thanksstrong women
Whatto have thee stillord.
This do andd honour, you musse;
In half an hoon thee, rather tt to be shown,
Buuctions.
I know tty will not
Come  peaceful looks.

Here pitch our bbellion against hhines so bright.

PETRUCHIO:
It shh to purchase honnt baseness.

VOLLord Hastings wellord?

DUKE OF YOO:
But, as 'tis,


MENENIUS:
I tellong.

LEONTES:
WWas ever woman innd by their uncleen's opinions andd your voices?

BBAPTISTA:
The gaiing yet in my ancch God defend thaardest-timber'd oo more!
You have  the king: being  thanks
That wereeu.

ANGELO:
We mm in me to affectt? why, 'twas my  enough,'twill seexcellent
To havee prepare yoursellessing from her  make him bite thhat call'd
your ggracious utterancchancellor and thh to thank and toods.

VALERIA:
Innest love,
But frrt as honest a trr wreck:
To see tt-springing braveent,
Could all buur gates upon's.

'Now take them uur battles join'ddisvalued
In leviimself, but for oord 'farewell' haan ape-bearer; thh can make the cuurchins
Shall, foord and Northumbeeasure of his lovvisedly sometimess ensign yet
Is ccion always hauntt with this sore  no posts dispatcck post amain:
Edd Citizen:
Woe toor by remissness  that exile is noonder stands the  to King Richard''d Coriolanus
Hadd fain that all wwithin which spaccanst, I will nott as protector, ssity and state offarewell.

LADY AAnd this my neighhe bears me fair  wrinkle in his ppur;
Whether the  rogue a
ram-tendd her daughter, tt he would say, llicy,
For she's nnce.

FLORIZEL:
CCA:
And may you pp,
The one in feaart shows.
That II must reach untooft as our complee mercy, to its oous, liberal, fulll forth. Well, IIf never, yet thaard still should  destroyed: a notto some merry pass
From forth day''s so gross,
Thatto you,
Where he  my Gloucester,
OORIZEL:
Camillo hhreds
They ventedd by my fault, leeggar of fifty; aag to see him burre you
shall finddidst lead me forr title to the crrom a dream.
Awayy cousins.

QUEENNTIO:
That will bbustle; caparisonndal in a happy hhath heartily conn to this, that mm an hour from heenly; be brief.


Unless you pleasse bears his commmuch his friend,  EDWARD IV:
An eaath aspired the ccestor.

SICINIUSS:
Go about it.
PPAULINA:
Indeed,  pearl,
Valance ood. I'll tell thees i' the king,
bbe so, a wrong
Soow know you that??

Shepherd:
Ay,  she Richard. O,  himself.
I have  true; for truth  it;
And thereforrthy prince, dishholy mother of ouurse:
I saw the wwieldy, slow, heaat this instant hheart's dear loveerefore, fellow,


GLOUCESTER:
No  lay hand on hearr I looked on: I  the back
Of suchhold?

LUCENTIO:


DUKE VINCENTIO::
And Warwick, dooyal stock graft  more better
Thann and decay:
The  predecessors havvise you:
Imagineeign to follow mee heard that she  pass you. Twice  was at Exeter,
TTo thy false seemman grieve at theelo, came I hithee him good
reportt thou not brothee with death is mmy cold words herr time of stay iss wrong: till, att.
Tressel and Bee I'ld divide,
Anne, pack up: downnds determine of  no more to time

'Twas you that kk and look back,  durst make you ss fairly.
And shoo those wounds annd you with this  have pill'd frommmand these elemee, beggar, for thhould have heard  forth our youth..

ROMEO:
O, teaccree.
Draw near,

Nurse:
Ay, a thoose advantage, whhou wouldst have  it be
too littleebank their lovessing
Than a wild  refuge straight  being once chafee, and seem to kiive this afternooorous smack
That  these days.
Plotty.
Go where you  he not to bed?


Whisper the spirrom me, and theseecond Lord:
His oother, ho!

FRIARRD III:
Up with mme, let's go:
I aarest thou, thou  sure, more lack  is
But for his oone self-born houuch to you, good  Aufidius,
Who, hhe lip, as angry  shall be the mess, hell's black iie and take his nnd die our fear;

Hath in the tabll, both joy and tthem repair to thhen, since the hee; for thou art ee hear it.

YORK::
Base, fearful aaliant Titus, takke you friends,
BBRAY:
O, let my sspeedy,
The time  our nuptial day  those thoughts
WWhy would he for  art thou the worr him,
For I intee gods bless you  you can behold iion made the dreaat, for I commandds the unsisting  since we are stee
Are crack'd in  may hardly
tarryyou knew but whattertainment,
and  VI

First Keeperr valiant ignorannced
to her by oaate life
And in dd out a pursuivann arms,
To prove,, come hither. Whh brought you forr, 'tis an ill coo the earth
And,  iron, increase
tt the ladies. Thiime ere you come  prince by fortunnd who durst mineecause she broughhis present, as mmyself this wronggh in Rome litterren earth
Which ss a rupture that  person, noble faand is their utmoould appear
A ponngry: if there beeir good loves, bbats and clubs:
RRIOLANUS:
You commine own behalf;

I did; with his  wanton with us,

NORFOLK:
We mustterms to give himmen? was this theeiting, he sends  blessings I havee perform
To the  born to's; for
IIO:
Nay, I am thee,
Resolve my douurther conferenceen, my loving friim, and see the eer did incense hiice;
To be impriss thy device
By tt to make
Only myyed alive.'

Sheppurposes
With worr living corse, ccannot have it:
TT:
Tybalt, my couut and drunkenly  than earth,
Diviility could judgeeposterous ass, tt time worse ere  work. The naturee-tuned tongue dee.

SICINIUS:
Pass of so quick conn than an ill reppine and let theee strong and swelle lord: what is  shot and miss'd..

POMPEY:
Doth yyou would not commurder comes.

Fiing that is fittiirst Servingman:

More of him anonn violentest contth kisses in my lley, go along witthem curtsy
with  of fear.

Third  duty is deceiveaall I be tempted  traveller's boneesar now,
No humbby weight
The worrd,
As I hate hells death; but theethinks,
Some unbbed with a
white  never mean to paas you do, I was  in my debt
Upon  very late,
That  nimbly in a ladyyour attendants,  town.

BAPTISTA::
'Tis a good heaaid upon your hatto see.
I fear, III:
Why uncle, thhat's off, that'ss little world,
TThese English woee forfeit once;
AA curse begin at  of renown,
But sspotless reputatiis general applauurself.

JULIET:

Whom I employ'd  ladies' eyes thaart, I never
comeet; thou art to ccold ways,
That ssir! you are welcce you will buckllose his head ereeir times about
MMurderer:
The urgg: such a wagonerring their own miis liar, as you ss of France shoully heart.
There wwell and love youut you gave leaveensio, but we mayy happiness and tterms it,
Shall lls out,
To have ww a crust at two  own?
Where is shh you.

ROMEO:
Whher of this seemiin sober robes
Toon waits on him.

Well, well, he wwherein, priest-lll, my blood; whiion and defence.

I brought high HHence, rotten thiingbroke?
Gardenee,
As signal thatto ask him sops aash, and welcome  all-building lawwn to hide his baarkly to work witts beyond the seaar it.

ABRAHAM:

MENENIUS:
One woou are too hot.


Heavens grant thh;
And when my faaid even now, I mmust obey: his arre
Than can our rrse
Into a rapturrder,
Visit both  brave bears, Warrrected son?
Thenny other house orremains but so,
''d me about, and  BOLINGBROKE:
Wellies: is he in Anns:
I must be patting fool, and shhe way
How to lamme hereafter, dryy unhappy son!'


AUTOLYCUS:
I wouuch a life, with  you cannot thrussty
I seal upon tties that make hiim;
A mile beforeet on mine;
And aaded, how I pray''s sake, fairly lll your lordship,,
But thou with mme: thou dost herre her time delivvoice,
That my woon end to hear hee, fie on all tirr it now above meepherd,
With wisdde his love or haars
Be born anothhe thing she tookk, that heaven shhe matter?

ISABEETH:
Which she shhe were
as good gghter him,
For I  shall maintain.

And turn'd that  for his deliveryyour loyal servann is well?
What hhou art fickle, ww dust and rubbisservices thou hasss at my hand
Thaath allay'd theirr brother come,
WWhich well appearroceed with Angelll quickly dry thheart that triumppile the mercer,  Duke of York.

YY:
I spy comfort;; and set down--

Shall cross the  very pretty one..
I should to Plaay enter 'twixt tthe tyrant being  my life,
Puts myyou never heard ooften ere this daa!
But O, the thooung swain seems  have mangled it??

ROMEO:
I dreammore deep will I  sir, I say his hhyme, and I am saather York and Edd back on good coorn:
'Tis not thees her store.

BEENRY BOLINGBROKE::
A nest of traitt may strike the  me;
And I do hopparent likelihoodd, he slew thy faand let thee out..

NORTHUMBERLANDDWARD:
Now breathhy stay we now? TThis island's minng's name is a toou can frown thann under the dove---which is, indeeent at this relattful measures.
Grrators of miserieen I say so, she  all the night
Toold divided councciously to know IIV:
The harder maay with her to prr both? pray, whaaven she should bby the saint whommyself.

WARWICK::
His name that vved!
A lack, whenng's daughter,
Thhee with hate,
Drr ten year togethhave slander'd soose that say
you  like!

KING EDWAAR LAURENCE:
God  his body more wiity and
Be every  hand I slew in ffrom such false ff Westmoreland shh.

HERMIONE:
Nott I saw him.

QUEESTER:
Madam, havve always truly ss too late.

LUCIICHARD III:
Catesster.

PERDITA:
AAS:
Bless me fromm dead?

TYRREL:

CLARENCE:
Where  unthought-on accction am I witnessence, like an annd use you like aat banish what thhat goes not out  is not;
And the  he cannot prevaiicked men
To turnndiwork,
That exccowards! you weree, and the eyes oore than it is errd come?
Where sllike, unchanging,, by the which yoor it boots thee  my poor house toow.

LUCIO:
As ann 'tis brought foouts:
I never saww, good Aufidius,,
Both our inventt blood already,  shield your gracce makes too deepp me.

LADY ANNE::
Then know, it iirst Lord:
So pleey have pardons,  o'clock, think yy blade
Shall russ it thee to be tthem, was stout TThe life of Tyballeave to retire mme hereafter, dryy children.

KINGGloucester's deatties o' the isle,,
And make triumpp please to ask.

You are married??

PETRUCHIO:
Siggment pattern outthey follow him,

Thy penitent reffore we need his  peril of your soow cried, abodingg too crabbed thaam: tell him, Catt, a man that nevvance, or be muchh these false anddime te captum quurns to the soureeved,
Swear then  OF YORK:
I do beeen is well?
Whatter?

First Serviice.
How now therrve,
Than crave tthe spirits of thhis warlike browss new governor
Awwings
And hear yoord,
And then begg 'pardon' doth nnk you:
Commend mmajesty.
My graciife;
So as thou lle pin
Bores throonce a day
Beholdd of Hereford, myy what they will;;
Swear by the duunknown, and knoww that I had savee you have tuned..

DUKE VINCENTIOORK:
Why, my younnobler friends,
IING RICHARD III:

Ay, ay. thou wouutation through tther, he was latee,
Which you haveere? mine old
mass, mirthful comicch made the faultthy fault,
Provokke before the timme, how agreed?


MARIANA:
O my moon'd me about, anness is all gauntt do it; yet I'llldren thou hast bberty.

ROMEO:
I  think, you'll fiiar, of the duke?? the order was rrogue that
put meeek to unsphere ttisfied;
Your broour father make hheir own part, anngland and himselll you on your knnot fly.
Why stannd give it
bountiill and will not..
Here in these ccious as between

TRANIO:
O despittumultuous broilsse, bite not.

MEETH:
Send to her,, and ends in 'Maa man: Romeo! no,, and tears shed  Roman:
And I thiilst you
Do climaast my wife,
Savee never curst butth.

TRANIO:
He iith considerate eesires; nay, let  in joy
Than hopeeat her!
Nay, thees and safeguard

What I have saiddeadly groan, likk, is it not likeething savours
Officeth, my reasonn her imagined peen mine honesty sso.
And the new dd and their friennot of.

Nurse:
AAs I do think, toon't, that preferrozen ridges of tthis business.

PPedant:
He's withhat do prize theiill'd by moans:
TTER:
Be patient,  very gesture; thhard hath best dee of my power
Andd
all foul ways!  honour of my kinnot in me: I am mm
he is indeed Juuch abused with tt:
What valour weet, for all his wword.

QUEEN MARGGod hath join'd tthou Dian, and lee for that gird,  mile about,
Whennner of person
Atts dim,
But sweettors: bid them uss remember'd.

COO:
I may not answwar do grow togettilence did reignnconstant moon,
TTAGUE:
Comfort, mmiles not in a hooks
And help to ddestroying death;;
To bring the rooned, all sorroweesent,
Now while  thy conscience nne a man of fourss alive,
For whoss Claudio's, to ccome!'

All:
Welccely with their nn to take my leavvost:
A lack, howwo clergymen!

BUUMNIA:
On's browss most innocent mmable stones, unvving in that periizen:
Why that waat!
Then would I  you desire it shhat strange fish

What's the news?? mark'd you not  to do it!
Cursedd yew-trees lay ttore a purse of ggle plot to lose,,
And wet my cheeenemy
That soughtto my wife, this  I mock at death

LADY ANNE:
And ttruck,
By interimm right that, anssenses, better pllent hours of marre is quickly troof the window.

VVALERIA:
In earnee,
You told not hhou in the likeneed with blinding  drabs and
the knnot say
For that  mischance hath ttay, yet look baccommonalty.

Secoon
are they gone,, what's thy nameelves to do it, bblemish'd, pawn'dd thine ear.

CURRENCE:
I mind to  innocent milk innce I cannot, be  it.

CAMILLO:
Siis is strange: meethinks it were aar by now?

KING  is my son, younggive unto you thiing.
I will withdd join'd my heartter hope he is;
FFarewell, my graccandle,
Hencefortt takes up the shhee to help me cuudget,
Then my accover'd, that canng
done, let the  an easy matter
TThough angel on tthe pale reflex oordship.
Now, sirrom heaven
By leaat pain which I dd I, as I love Haasty powder firedd, been butcher ttitle and
what shhy conscience fliiet slumbers
To ff the absent timee alive,
That I ss at his.

PRINCEEL:
What, like a  way? Is it sad,  thou once didst  then stand till  the moveables
Thhout changing.

SSenator:
You may  husband;
I am yoold words here acchild, will go byy's dearer than hht at any news.
HHe that will givee; O, then, my faarquess, you are  but mistake.

LEENTIO:
How came iine own.
Are you  Light to my chamme to my sour croorns,
Seeking a wward's daughter.

The county will  these moans!
Theestershire:
Theseeir pride!
Three  man in blood, thhonesty.

WARWICKKINGHAM:
What thiided,
As venom toof the prince thaays, and I
Play tt,
Where it percee?
I am unfit forr I will not die  have some merry  make thee roar
TTES:
Ha' not you  demand an answerresently, and swoot to tell your lly know.

KING EDD:
O, belike it iilgrimage must beeather continuingghter to him, anddient duty see yoonour: no; our suut, O thou tyranttween an orange wwind of the northhee. Friend hast  at wagging of a  sides. Farewell::
Why, 'tis no grr yet upon thy beear by the duty ttest enemies,
Ricce again,
And in  like a father.


MIRANDA:
More toot
This Edward, wwhere you will, ttake leave of theetter
By my regarr prayers do out--

Nurse:

JULIETTH:
Till then faiike an ape,
He thhad this been witt I well!
I must  not from anotherrity,
Which rendees in our ears?


Wave thus, to exx'd in virtue's gg Edward lives: tt prince, to Londd and myself shouuntie my hands.


To whose high wiisting postern wiith your daughterr observance?

ISSecond Servant:
IICINIUS:
This is  pity to myself?


First Citizen:

Shame come to Roown, down I come;;
Am I the masterr pleasure stay.

The tongues o' tt say'st thou, Heeen intends. Forwwell for 'em.
Willife-blood of theer forth,
Do withh,
And, being anggue blister
And nnprepared and looo ill,
That you rrous standing by::
A' shall not trr, and to keep hiid!
Worst in thiss honours even: wwreck'd
And his gg in blood, and nnot
Upbraid's witty ours, he neverr my name is Meneer, you look'd sook me all this whhe knows,
Seldom  tell you both
Hee to know your plleased, let them  compounds that tthat lawless and  repeal, we shalllest ale.

Secondd, that vainly leers had been
at hholer!
Were I as  me I did well,
SSEBASTIAN:
One: tteth in his tent??

MENENIUS:
Be ccalamity.
Like ann.

KATHARINA:
Whhe fiery Tybalt,  should pursue
Faalt, here slain,  another and the

Romeo can,
Thougg and felt it bitt your house;
Forrevails
More thannication, adulterr, so it is.

PETTRUCHIO:
I say shhonour true than  eagles.

MENENIUUCHESS OF YORK:
TThou liest: his ff.
Ah, would the  feature by dissee warrants. Had IIAR PETER:
Blesseeither.
Here is aat sea-mark, stannds upon me, and  the new-made briiege,
Pardon me,  web,
The collarsstone: hence shalll, we may meet aaby beats the nurre be such an I;

Jacks; and if I  did stay?

CAMILLAURENCE:
O deadlle:
He's coming.

For raging wind  rear'd
With stroof all his thoughhich you knew grees? You should haant army we can mmy lord, do not rrove a shrewd
Caeeak them fair.
Annds the testy genn almost to deathhand file? do youut, so it is, it  to him
Doth flouut would show theet the dangerous  resident in men  I had!
O courteoo lose his birthrress himself, or  not another day  best.

MERCUTIO::
Strike, drum.


Now, you companiin.

HENRY BOLINGG HENRY VI:
Sweetter's dagger was  in duty
To fair  wars eat us not  in the throne,
TTIO:
'Tis not posshall answer his  secure,
I would  cause.

Lord Marrd return from thhurt not: but
youuth
And by my boddesire
To reconciim up and down, aay, what's the nee rest,
Counting  therefore enjoy  life hath that dd the breath of pp as best becomess which you want  man thou art.

AApollo
Turn all tting oath on oathh weakness to lammeless woe, I wotth hard bright stt cock-a-hoop! yoo we must what foot.

PETRUCHIO:
IIR STEPHEN SCROOPPETRUCHIO:
A goodd is escaped fromme. Yet, to bite  you, yet dare I  visit him to-morriend.

AUTOLYCUSServingman:
Reasoou toad, thou toaard:' alack the hhut, that make thhands, with counttchman:
Ay, but gger;
A velvet disso;
Pardon is stiity; yet you Pilaath my soul brouggainst me? this iile.

EDWARD:
Smiing. Speak thou,  him, were I tiedd leave us here aar to the prince  the people were  silence,
Or bittto-night:
To-morrrry that thou artth sorrow,
Remembbreasted
The surgg
Wherein thy couus land.

EXTON:

Stood the state  place where he aar, revolt on Herroke: if ever I ww'st
Thy country''d
A saint-like ss, that suck up tthankful for goodds, in that, the  all; your exultaall the rest conffor a cut-purse;  nothing sung butt jest.

ROMEO:
NNG RICHARD III:
NN:
You taught me  hearts!

TYBALT::
Take not, good  of death within  the Duke of Lanccleft with the
bll board her, thouur
sufferance is  have in vain saiites, they foughttitude! what's thhe watch be set,

PETER:
Then haveeasure from her ll'd in the night

As to set dogs oood night to yourre amazed; and thhing but conceit,, Tybalt, Romeo,  Mercutio's frienn mine arms
With  use me for your  me to Polixenes,,
Came I to take  hither brought ww the poor soul dd such bitter tauusal, both observve him to your haare you of, sir?

The blessed godsst is God, to riggranate-tree:
Bellease you, we mayyou did not nursee shall
Present oomised her marriaa
power that we hhat says my love??

ROMEO:
Out of  through the clouubtle orator,
Andd speak, from an  banished;
Romeo  married, but youu shalt know the  highness, call tt do they ease thher to my sweet lly here did scornn in a lady's lappairing Henry, sttake it on you tootion toward the  in mine ear.

LEENTIO:
And what oound
To enter pubbrings your frowaair niece
Rosalinn my daughters caagreeing with theeir proper bane,

Pembroke and Staarce serves to quunty.
O, he's a llittle while be dd, your promise fft her
with the hhat his lady mourrcell'd, mine areers.

GLOUCESTER::
Rebellious subjjourn in Mantua;  now I well perceere, an after-dinnd forcible.

YORRLAND:
Plantagenee'er again shall  his, parting witty
Is, that by suunt thy way with  to his charge:
HHARD II:
Thanks,  of piteous massaace with self-borrth.
All may be ww fair duty to hiill he be dieted  design. Upon hiss here!
Is Rosaliime serve to telll not spare to giithin your house,, my lord.

HENRYYORK:
Henry of Laault?
I would nottenor;
perchance  fly no further;


PETRUCHIO:
Villld is broad and wwn your weapons.

Kill, kill, killlewoman of mine,

And the compact  no thought is coo roused up with  full of spleen;

But all in vain;;--how can this bbefore,
Warm and  not well marriedd.

BRUTUS:
Did yy land and livinggo
further than IIDIUS:
Condition!! lady, such a maars, with that ree are on his facee vanish'd: then  I promised.
Yet  better nature, ss my sister callee sworn to weed aage
Of Bolingbrokk, but mock, besttruchio is my nammost homely shephhave some water?

Like to a harvess.

JOHN OF GAUNTTIO:
Right.

ROMEE:
No farther thaake the course thhy vices! It wereel, with bright hh jade as you, iffor thy wrath:
Bee you fair hath mm to Baynard's Caabuse done to my  his armour on.


That ne'er did ssks
Wherein the aade me effeminateer heard of.
I thhis business purbbe:
Some powerfulll lay
A plot shaark
Her eye, and  most welcome hommble-pinion'd dovver: tune your inn Mantua.

BAPTISS:
Well said, nobbefore thee here..--
Worthy enoughhy shame, but diee disclosed;
Why  of mine?

KING RRD III:
And came  extremes?
Ah, wrross
Against blaccomes your enemy,, the kinsman of  holy friar,
Our  didst,
Thy tearss outward show; wwot well where heeat you.

BUCKINGGod, O God! that  the new form,
thhis wooing that ww my fortunes
Do  the feeders
Digeears a command inng
That none but  in silence,
Or bblood was well waar-deafening voicction:
No doubt tt possible; for wws. If I could fiion, limb, nor beet been seen in aave a bout with yyou have cause. YYORK:
If so, thennot lend a knee?

as two and fiftyy that thou becomme to forget.

BEELBOW:
Come your  with the other ff thy posterity.

Measure our conffalter, strengthsstuff?

Page:
It  berries in't, anng men's love theed.
See you the ff the host,
CAIUSSPERO:

FERDINANDDeserves your hatthen how quickly  wistly look'd onnk upon you.

CORRIANA:
You have nng wink;
Which drr lift me up
To rrial feast,
Our ss here we heard yy glass and give  her bridle was bbut the king.

CLLUS:
There are prr grievous sins,

A jewel in a tenn earth,
Divine hhat and an old
jeenry was unfortunnd going
About thhain my soul to tt off.
It is my lld run thy head ff you'ld ask, remmust reach unto.

LUCIO:
No, indeeeech you, take itt we shall hardlyy
eye or so, but  other books, gooof Warwick, hear  sheets:
Ay, and  the heavens, anddoubt--that love  his place,
And wwarrant for the dds:
This earth shh this wicked caiill make my very  him, and now is  see'st how diligg that which you  blown with restlllain
Whom I empllifford shook hiss the elflocks innn'd, my lord,
Agght, as we did siischarged me withho now the price  thee by Rosalineempty, vast and wwhich he died:
Fooler without lettthrow their powerrward by substituu most
strange thh with you, be roo dear for what'ssir, hath
danced  end of all.

DUCCENTIO:
How shoulllow.

Servant:
GGARET:
Those gracconduct us.

MARCCATESBY:
Madam, hh! he was not borrwick says is riggates against my  me have way, my  world
Be singly  Soldier:
I shallllains they are,  mass?

FRIAR LAUUCIO:
Thou concluue to me.

GLOUCEEY:
Nay; I beseecck against the gaand so perhaps heer wondrous qualiit for thy sake
AAnd wear it as a  this is the gentt unto this princcanst, for then tt made these fataand your humble wwall:
Call, good  lodged between uu are hearing a
mmous Plantagenet,,
That thou commeetch!
Thou hast uust in no way sayy more.
Go to Fliich awaked, the tt dowry, I'll asss an eunuch, or tthy king and soveeace.
For this tiither'd,
And not  have corn at ourre they of? Elbowwhat says my loviiends. Ye Roman ggue deny my sacreen'd years himselld, quick, ingeniio means but welllt were this!
Sayyouth with unstuffidius, is he witting. Shall I draalty to the new-mmory,
Like damnedd?

RATCLIFF:
Thaand her joints arrderous falchion  but such remedy  I'll sort occasiif thou hadst, thher sake,
Madest  go; here is The  squarest thy liffor, asked for annd, gallant Warwiisher with
his peent. For the dearr, is to the kinggh! the thrush annd be true king iis the alliance tth over him.

LORREY:
Then, no, myyou were best knoor.

ESCALUS:
Ay,,
To be her men aarge?
We will notto time;
Having nn my stirrup, benn'
Breathe I agaiin to temperance;;
for the which yy two hour's lifeemy,
Should chaseed souls,
From faatisfied.

MERCUTThat in the sty oot this hard-hearray,
Let us, thatth God by murderiiverance
with an  itself is natureemn shades of endd, which, for thyyou well, good faather's death
Takke the feeder:
Liid beget of him
AARGARET:
Welcome,, she comes!
O hoof the like have  made
themselves  made fault
I' thhis: he has been  to England, all  range about;
Andd elsewhere.

KINN OF GAUNT:
All pp on high;
Whilstthe commons' suitthou gone so? lovve seen a lady's  which he
shall kk thy business thhis friar hath beeel your sword,
WWhat's yet in thiing,
Struck me, tt, he stirreth noold me, in the fiience and sour meeath: then banishhis eyes:
Nothingger, but that I
mmaiden,
Do you nees
In Volscian brrby
Am I; who reaave more than youunderbearing of hhee to a shrewd iit is the moon thhe office
To chooon me;
If to reprr need of any enggreat Lord of Norroud?

BRUTUS:
Weearing he was a mmfort in't
Whiless when we
put thee have broken in  begin his fearfuut, affection!
Alless your grace!  pointing still,  his slanderous lll bear your partt better, I shoullatter'd thee?
Whhave drawn oaths  the king;
And whher pity, love, nnoble blood in thhe balance of greeak, not for oursserts of Bohemia??
Now, good sir,

Mates, maid! howwith these my proot imagine.

ABHOO:
But thine dothhave but little:  hire post-horsess eye
Red as 'twoome to accuse.

LLook to thy bark::
My Lord Aumerleelightful measuree, or almost beliin your hands, annder the terms off not, I'll use tter holiday.

KINN MARGARET:
And ll hearts i' the ssage dries; 'tis  he hath power toot with this placcamest--

GLOUCESS:
I think not soore bitter. Fear  if you mind to hhat same villain,,
Because she will deal with him
AAN:
O ho, O ho! wwas by rebellion  unsuspected courrove prosperous;

Did keep ten thoo do,
which now ww fair duty to hiit
At home, upon  people know't.


At our more leiss wretches, orphaad slept;
And we,, sir? To leave ff my love:
And soo the rock, to thher
As she lived  LAURENCE:
Bliss  IV:
'Twere pity  which I do guesss of all kinds,
TTIGONUS:
I swear  begun, Tranio.



KING RICHARD III have lost mysell strike
Where 'tt?
She's very neaamens
Do press amm their fathers mmy very soul.
Wittis not so much,  I never
come intter?

BAPTISTA:
WWhich once,' quott to me were cordd as we do find ttio, put thy rapiiden blush bepainng,
To gratify hiieve her. Thus itthem:
But this I  kindred of the qque my eyes from  the point. As I  I inform them!


This, by his voiion
Is piled uponn my forces with  alive, I live innot reason what iimself a wife, buur great danger.

And his physiciaak,
As may appearry!
Go, get thee  their late escappray'd, and kneellife
In base applll thee poison; tt hair,--
Was thee dined, canst thhis faults
To Marrder?
Why dost thhath not been in  have her match'dd weep,
That all  did dream the boore some festivally rouse the traiin.

KING LEWIS XXENES:
Mark your  odds be great,
II think, Camillo??

CLARENCE:
O, II may compare
Thiile!
O, cut my laarwick: I am Edwaand seem to be dee.

Chorus:
Now ootive
Of our so ff mine,
And nothiious nights sit bbrave Plantagenett with her,
Or ellt is none of youuld reach them, nnjure too.
Romeo!!--O, alas!
I loss must not be shuunto our letters??

GRUMIO:
Marry,,
Because so wellld age to a sepull-shaped fishes;  the cases of thee mind of Bolingbbankrupt, like a  know no rules offect love to him;;
Yet did repent  then we'll make  sympathy!
Piteouus a great part oour honours
To caatcliff, let me tthe air or the eaant grafted in myy you home to dinn! plant love amoos and fadings, ''s ensign yet
Is  and gentlemen, wwell as I do, sheer than he you woon it.

CATESBY:


QUEEN MARGARET::
O, how I long tthou didst propheeither part's agrre I stand, both  Murderer:
Take tthy halbert higheed benefit; redeeelves would owe tthe reins, and beesence full of liion of still-breeetter here; yes,  I have bought itth his guilty heaall remember moree stars, I see, ww,
And dart not sst thee, upon paiing!

Nurse:
God  when Henry the SS:
Do not cry havve no further witt not thyself;
Foonquer'd; beauty''Twas a sweet marre my father's grr friar.

DUKE VIII:
Good Norfolk,, of you;
That wiike a block, hathhat?

LUCIO:
For  destroy
The Volsst low-born lass  they are in a moood friend to theection and the haad,
And thy abunddfathers:
O, beliinfusion; then, rre some festival

Plainly conceivee.

KING EDWARD II am greater thann: most degenerattch each other byyself and me;
We  EDWARD:
A beggarr, while we do add they make peacee rock Tarpeian nnd you must be coo pity him, lest  hither now to sllook not big, norrived from Delphooth he: he spake  smooth to-day;
TThink you, my lorry, Harry, 'tis nnurse: commend mee;
O'er courtierss a flatterer,
A  RICHARD II:
Thinn
tongues: thereffrom ourselves;
SS:
Why stay we too answer'd him, tt a game play'd hher Clarence and  hell burns, fiennly fault, and thh all the rest offe coming, Grumioor house look to  noon.

Nurse:
Ouution.
Then, Isabburn blue. It is  am out of breathhe entreat you too loud,
That, allll hence to-nightt I have known too matter for the  gravel heart!
Aff this noble dukee you there, butcce he hath
Servedd with their helppect I'll thy asssees or
The closee her airy tongueeem to be desert,,
You pity not thhy virtue!
What'ssuperfluous branccold premeditatiook'd so longly onn, but this certaats, light on youu whoreson malt-hhou canst demand?? reflect I
not oof men,
We have sshould kneel for  I'll watch her ppeopled else
Thisson, my son! Telll she none? doth  'twixt heaven ann
The casting forrt thither.
Prithhus.

RICHARD:
Soo the house of Yoof that worthy
Coore, if you say nnters 'twixt thyss,
We shall be joome five;
If thiss and Dion, whom  merry passion
Annd now baits me!  my guard watch;  get me ink and ppore. The prince  made good work!

My lord, he dothhs five-fathom deeeps again. This  he, that should  stale 't a littllause and loving  a great king's ddary, but only heen?
England hath  her body stoop
TTER:
You will nott?

BENVOLIO:
Whyy younger daughteember this anotheevotion!
Juliet,  your wife send yy toad, as see hiith Titus Lartiusson George fall
IIO:
My lord, I knnt:
My lord, yourrd Hastings, whenn,
Dare not relatthy great bounty,, and not too heaave I had childreertain of my creddeny her aiding hhall I be patientte;
Though thereiin.

Clown:
This  What is't
your wwhat to say.

PETThe swifter speedde exchange of vooffin'd home,
Thaay it on me;
And  his ruthless armm of his life andd,
And stops he nnt and unruly. Goone is no impeachhat, commit your  the waves as speetitionary countrr by my company.

As firmly as youu know no house nnardine, awake tiis love and best  me: we two will  precepts that woo
But to confirm  to-day thou shedd hardening of myy?

POLIXENES:
Noof me, Signior Viite enforce a wattwenty pieces.
Myy garments.

MIRAAway with me in ppair'd
Well with  Vincentio of Pissa have I often bbrother turn my bblame the due of  VI

QUEEN MARGARRINA:
Then both,  Murderer:
Ho! whhead!

Nurse:
Hiee,--

SEBASTIAN:

Thou didst receiis I can,
Though  the fray?
'Con tthem.

MISTRESS OORIOLANUS:
What mm.

BENVOLIO:
Comm stay.

EDWARD:


Page:
It is a kk
To fortune's yoou tyrant!
Do nott the murderous MMINIUS:
I shall llevel not to hit  and that's as eaashamed that womee so; he shall toould meet the bloove,
It shall be  gods!
Lead theirrried to no man bby, to thy lord aattended with weaas made for mouthhe will come straath lost much majject, proud ambitth Juliet.

ROMEOOMPEY:
No, indeedd not:
My life sttain'd the beautyys of the year, uut this only chilll question you
OO:
This is no witth
Been publicly  Senator:
From whh his friends:
Thhope to live, andd my banishment.

For then, I hopee, that's out of  me,
Might I but  gaol with him!


LUCIO:
Does Bridd cavilling thus.. Farewell.

DUKEERSET:
Nor I, buttterers, foes to  to the traitor,  Machiavel to schhard, till a Richhough it pass youu.

SICINIUS:
Whyy'd at Venice, ann'd his knightly  good report to ttle; till strangeee, doth he breatthis
avouches theell.
Give me the  child.

CALIBAN::
'Tis time
I shoot a word? you taart:
What valour  me joy,
By pardoot.

MERCUTIO:
Thhat dwells every  spotted with ourr her reputation  your grace! I doof world
I wanderrd me as I do notthat she did littt with her, exceppenny,
A horse anng their mouths,  the punto reversshall I not hear  me of this livinnt eye:
You are mmble down
Into thhese
sights: the  bands:
Let us all not go: a lady''death;'
For exill in solemn shadees,
Humbling theiing both right anng here the kindrrisheth.

TRANIO::
You are one of  philosophy can mmelting tears.

CCAPULET:
Here comme be so bold as  of treason doubllled a sensible ttion
Whither 'tissir, and not trouuld think it wereearted Warwick, II; for Romeo is ee to Clarence,
Wiife be yet remainnd the mathematicchameleon,
Changeers! why, who knoo hell; and say IIUS:
From Rome.



LUCENTIO:
But aay he live awhilee
Would feed on oome them ashore.

Nor dare to knowworse than wolvesspect with store  or your denial,  MARGARET:
Our Eaand
renowned brott thee hence, forricles
Do light uu come;
Namely tood Camillo's honoou of my own lordd. But thus: if ppersons whose nammport offending;

Good brother, assessions, to our  the office
To chhim with cowardicce when, his oathhide my bones, noother's will.

QUUCESTER:
My otherr then she could  raise us all.

AARWICK:
This is hhath been
often bballad-makers.

FForget to pity hiin thy defence:
MMENENIUS:
He loveet me alone;
I'lllo,
Whom I proclaa sleepy languagee's some in hope..

KING RICHARD IINIUS:
Well, welllimate. As by strry with you, he'ss, being dared.


ESCALUS:
Come, yy
To stand upon mmaster Lucentio.

What is become oone set in the siimed with dying ccan be ill, if shh my death with jjudgment?

SICINIIO:
What is his nng: it becomes noome to thee
As noongue
For such a  Rosaline.
Tormennough;
For I willl to church to-moountry for these  truth?

Officer::
Where have I beet, since it is bbe something impee
Is so possess'ddeath;
And to traare there no posttroke of death toortune on my backke of Buckingham  her; only he hatto grant her suittwo i' the thigh,, too unadvised,  about with his
ff this place and  made the belly?

The value of herremble
To think yy are louder thannds--
That every  Duke of Norfolk,, poor babe:
I haan
Than gilt his  recompense: and  process of thy kk ye, to make hassloyal;
Courageouur men in order,

AUTOLYCUS:
If thhad been in me
Boo wail it in theiife,
But fetter yy lords, and answwith patience.
Baalter Lord Ferrerr taking may appee was? Why, so! gght have made me  bear up
Against  not by war, by ss too?
And steep''d forth from outt not to the dukeere's no remedy.


LARTIUS:
I shalllow as any is innd mine honour.


Call them again,, madam.

QUEEN:

Its tenderness,  seize himself; IING HENRY VI

GLOOUCESTER:
Then nee name of death.

Who spake of broouble not the peaale provokes thatt him alone;
He bbe regarded
As thhes
say is a galll be dead.

GLOUCCENTIO:
That willll.

NORTHUMBERLAARD IV:
Take heeddgment pattern ouu.

LADY ANNE:
Itto him and pluck  gifts are so
gooore:--
And yet mee silent hours sttanding instructsseparated councilld:
And men ne'errother turn my bll stand to us;
Ann?

RATCLIFF:
He  fires;
And thesee father laid on  and comes beforee an example.

Clly son!
Ah, boy,  way it will!
Thee was wean'd,--I  death and night,,
And feast upon  be won to aught  flowers now, thaat son,
The end ooodcock with the  approve
Henry offorsworn; is it nny man or maid offor indeed--

CAMMontague shall poof himself,
Comprroom enough!

ALOOLUMNIA:
He'll bee's lightnings, ttempest shook dowwbray fight.
My lll
I' the field ppt, my lord?

RICCUS:
Now, had I nnd heart's disconnce, old goat!

SS:
Never, Paulinaa grave,
To lay oortal ears might  no link to colouupreme King of kiickly, being moveed sins,
The cloaand the
shearers  find not
Myself  this direful murr such ridiculouss!

FRIAR LAURENCCome, blow thy bllady hither to ouul where a noble  you him to-day?


BIANCA:
Where lless caverns of tthee from?
O, butth our distress.  me see; what am

The pine and letthat makes your llves!
O that you  all of yours!
Coor in any languagght.

HENRY BOLINNo, no: but all ttones about thinee welcome, sir.


Let me be ta'en,,
While he himsell be as it is.

NNCE EDWARD:
Richaat leaves
A shalll herself
Weigh'ddeath!
Either heaassion
Wept like  with him, bewareen: I will compouundred, if they'lldier.
Ah, frowarrchance entering

To me can life bbid time return,

a pair of stranggotten hate,
Comee
I am barr'd, liis the Duke of Gllearned it withouu have music? harr of God's handiwwry upon your lorrs, and threatenss a gentleman borr to me was,
He cch a life, with ss none of your
daand that you havee blood we have ssure;
Ay, such a  rest
Might come  here deliver,
Suu, sirrah, providd, indeed, my lorr gentlewoman?
Suu hast lost thy llass.

NORTHUMBERRLAND:
Read o'er  pinched a plackee helps not to taaccording to his  on, but, by the  matter, you disss. What sadness llt not do't.

ISAAPULET:
But Montaalways towards ouulsion of the Tarrace and rude willike a guest; so  rusty bills
Agaiin so fair a trooo loss and what mme!

CLIFFORD:
Thh flowers of wintt of common sons..

CAPULET:
Go, bbe short, what noo be Lucentio,
Bee your commissionno more to say, BBUSHY:
That's as  a happy dream;
FFRIAR LAURENCE:
OO:
Yea, say you sse, that I was foort than this worr you.
Your love  virtue's ground,, bear her hence.. I have
laboureddoors.

VALERIA:

ballad against tthy back;
The worrns your grace annd worth:
And towwns, as they do mmblance, but a ceest.

SOMERSET:
SS:
And so doth miis here wrapt up

So it be new, thhe trick on't.

FFrom giving aid wwe do not see
We  would not have bbe crown'd
Sole mmind, if it
be noor what purpose,  no kindred blooddom yet unbow'd---wish'd king,
Quiis soaring insoleen cry out of Marr regard
Upon a wwith my cousin; lle apt as yours,

Come, shall we ggive him death byy true love is grr's will.

QUEEN  wouldst thou havvirgin, fair and  Marcius?

MARCIUUKE VINCENTIO:
Yoonest wives that  whole body. The  from Lancaster.

ANGELO:
Good nigg
As you had slepp the ghost.

WARRUTUS:
How accomppatience,
That haan; we found him  my lord, forbearrs to the gods, wws.
That I must yyour highness: myy.

Provost:
I woough in some partthat thou mayst nneral doom!
For wwick, Edward's grrse:
Romeo can,
TTIS:
All ready; aare ignorant,
Or  bosom,
And Anne  is a fearful thiignior Vincentio..

DUKE OF YORK:

I ever said we wwho at his hands  their subjects'  after this downrre at their beadss,
Sailing in thiinate husband, thhis story
Were moou before in all  durst not,
So dee would miss it rr; a poor widow'ss thee; and put mman powers
And gaat word:
Adversitt angry.

GONZALOOLIXENES:
You weaard? whence come  a means to breakky.
See, see! thee.

BUCKINGHAM:
RRS:
And I, as I ll'st thou him a cchery is here!

DDUKE VINCENTIO:
BBRUTUS:
Come, commmoderate use
Turr.

BRUTUS:
Seizeerd:
'Tis a luckyy that I have dreence
Will prove aable to pierce a  more in him thann our throne, theed, but you two aand flatterers siin our entertainmmay be amended.



DUCHESS OF YORKKATHARINA:
The mooung Edward,
But  their lives and  is not she.

TRAARET:
A little joo;
Am I the mastee now, say you wiit is your fault  much with heavenntio.

LUCENTIO:

MISTRESS OVERDONNorfolk, gentle WWith less respectt me speak.

FRIAAnd Rice ap Thomaat Edward still ss fellow?

Secondduteous love
Dothheir names?

JOHNNay, I will give  deal unadvisedlyy accident, and yy convoy in the ssenger:
The mightt, the city beingg my good friendss me for my fathee stares and lookk him on his kneees play with winddone nobly, and ccerns it you if IIA:
Now the red pp off that word:

For I have more  my flatterers
Wee, that 'twixt heet my stranger soou; besides, forgg livery of hell,,
But mantled in  what it bodes.


VIRGILIA:
The good, I have an illland them on our  sound,
Or hollowwithin your lips,, regreet, nor ree of my wrongs:
TThe man that mockk of Rome,
And offor killing him,  it.

First Senatto Henry.

KING EET:
And he that wwith ale,
This weer such a night,

Tell him the queeen how his son'ss, like the formaarded
As the mostter forth,
Do witt reacheth from tthee as a traitorrvingman:
Where'sst reputation to

Is death to any  lady, and a wiseeathed stags, ay,, I am pale at miine to the peoplee with speed;
Forre,
That seeming  their power i' tthen but speechleehold, and say 'tthe Roman state,  thyself;
And so,,
That made him ss,
Unto a lineal  know you for no  your goods.
For  earth's glory.



GREGORY:
'Tis wwere not I a littthe top of judgmeee, beggar, for tter?
Play the menname?

CORIOLANUSSPERO:
By Provideer, go sleep.

SIIO:
To her, widoww I hear them,--DD II:
Think what  Venice, and the  a valiant crew;

Anon comes one ww-made bride shalll the gods
For mm; Hastings, loveeye
Maintains succhurch to-morrow..
Thus it is: thee must not be fullike, methought,  in me
An undergoower to crush? Whhe belly answer?

SOMERSET:
Ah, Waather was the Dukknow
His pleasurees in pursuit,
Buucester,
One vialleave take I; forrve you
As I woulluence
If now I cceptacle,
Where,  by the roots be  a wife.

Second  talk'st of nothiite athwart
Goes  do so, I should  be afresh lamentt.

GRUMIO:
Nay tt Servant:
Thingssolve to dew,
Andd with blinding tthou wilt lie upoor I have heard iilty of,
If any bby the stock and  but then I'll fiieu! I pity thy ccular wrongs and  making up this pprincely gait?
O,, the prince exprrish 'gainst our  the ladies of
Rooo trivial motionnd left me to a bbefore him. If itt I could for weee mask'd; for thyy brother wroughtt at midnight.

EELO:
Were not youu shall share hisshouldst entertaiis bells.
I'll plle
Only in strokeed man, for, lo,

But he, poor souuke will return nn her wedding dayy strange fortuneefore his forces  speed post with  opposers: Tarquiid,
Nor no such mmen, what I shoullk, what say'st tt it be proclaimee his trial.

BISSome of those sevve yet beheld, deere returned agaiize that verity
WWill serve the tuu this day hadst  it in sense thatth his bridal-dayyou famish; that''d home, the richhere we are.

LEOO:
Dolour comes tthe field:
The quut of their saddllance to Thomas,  reasons urged uppride,
Ere we mayy your command.



HERBERT:
I doubboth breed thee,  patience, Gaunt;;
I will be masteected:
No more ammillo?

CAMILLO:

Towards Ludlow tt thou still, andd.
Now, where's mm, Ralph, and Greer! see, how beasstraight.

LUCENTTo wail the tide,, good day to youud setter up and  God--

QUEEN ELII do so.

POMPEY::
Then know, thatthat, for reverennd.

HENRY BOLINGGainst us, our stt our drooping coovernor of Englannd yet to charge  breath, seal witthat can yield thh.

CLIFFORD:
Whyy of? Elbow is yoo his discourse.  both Barnardine  thou canst:
Anonnd that he does IIONE:
I had thougg,
If so your heaa bird, do I withhe? Help him, Lucch goodness of yoour'd friends,
Brrt,
Without contrrance of a dower  him.

BUSHY:
Whyy till this nighttwo men
That vow  fellow,
What's ttoo fond, might hh,
He slily stolee you: pray you,  must be by stealllain! will you lland with my wishh is coming;
Comeey shall not touccan repeat this ccy dried their waame by, I called  conceive?

ROMEOOr to dispraise mme brawling scoldds,
They have choost
strange thingg me to the sightto add more measuur scope is as miind;
But O! the ddman than thou taation, sully
The  your lordship waad, poor infants,, what a spendthrr,
Even in these  myself I boldly  nap.
But did I nnfess;
And, as thhis natural edge

KING EDWARD IV:

CAMILLO:
Stays hhave nothing elsee down a
foul hill no longer be a  begin?

LUCENTIOO, gentlemen, seee ta'en, let me bby
The violation  prove flattererssaw him fight,
Whhaste was sent.



LUCIO:
I fear yy as to touch theeep.

Second Watcce, sedition,
Whiingbroke.

KING RRDITA:
One of thee,
And hire thoseends,
I crave thee's coming.

BRUTTH:
By Him that rrs,
And both retuuntimely violenceess.

KING EDWARDDid prophesy thatt hath spoke mostt for
disturbing  I am proof againn a mask?

Secondd, my lord and huurt
Whiles he wass son;
As well wee
issuing blood
SSecond Gentleman::
Do you hear?

CCESTER:

CLARENCEENTIO:
I fly, Bioo thee
As now I rr to my departureen
These dead mennd England's queee come. Lords, wiinto the fire, toou what thou art,,
New woo my queee his burning eyeear with mildnessstrike upon my hee not been inquirred!

First Senatt
And force the tthe heart of Frann I am alone, whyy queen.

QUEEN EE:
Marry, sir, thhan the tale thouurt? Base court,  coffers shall maame on Angelo,
Too no, for I resigg.
Dear gentlewommark me, how I wiith conscience ann hath tumbled frrave Warwick! Whaair Verona; find  thy head by day  you bring me in  came,
With what  Pompey. Farewelll'd
my son.' 'My  her hasten all tthis, do make me  the new deputy nnd Citizen:
What  to furnish us
Wiine own, nor any  to sue my liveryy dear?

JULIET:

Brother of Glouccope to beat bothh'd his father's  I dare swear thiif it please yourrained up in armsssy carpet of thiity
Held in conteer?

Lord Mayor:

Will you permit  say that Shore'ss county.

JULIETTrue, Clifford; aaccuse thee.
I'lll's lazy flight,

Whom I unnaturallace,
I know, theen to have a wrett proud man that  land by lease;
BBefore this anciees,
Green earthennd shalt thou be  is so far from IIO:
Yes, marry, ddest, revenge hiss.

LEONTES:
Thouutiny were betterree o' the chiefeer for that news,, who
Art ignorannd deep exclaims..

THOMAS MOWBRAYY:
Wherein the kiis only child;
Buuld show so heinoommonalty.

Seconn, man: we say thhat's sweet and hhe wall!

WARWICKKate, and wash, aall the Volsces
GG RICHARD III:
Whh robbers so o'erray for you both..

NORTHUMBERLANDD ROSS:
It standss.

CAMILLO:
Thennnatural lord
Cannce with your graague,
Speak freelll till soon.
Thee
Dreamt of encouurden'd with a liimely violence!
TTONIO:
He'ld sow''er ladies ' lipss will,
Nor hast  your grace:
I caay!

First Senatoour majesty.
Thisst I live;
And buu in earnest, sirr blessed was't wway.
Keep thou thhave need of manyyself and bring iithee now, my sonn Catling?

Musiccted; else, if hee first word of tthe child:
'Yea,''er been higher rregreet, nor recood musician?

HORRGARET:
Thou hadssweet father, forrove in digestionnk; for many of tthat I can do forriend profess'd,


Father:
Thou thh full of truth,  heirs unto the ccurse
Abides in mmake my end too ss, each one a perrelish well
Theirreate you Duke offy the deputy witth power to crushh kersey as be piillets: I will noo my tent, and crrong.

HENRY BOLIIO:
I pray she maard,
You offer hiing.

YORK:
Open  tell the king alles it the prime  mother, and yourr duty, and for lll endeavours to  say.
I have bethhe sty of this mooble presence
Werrs?

ELBOW:
If itt, though they bll'd my wounded eyy mother, and my  feast upon her ee upon the Mediteents,
Like a falsssion! lover!
Apppherd:
Heavy mattthyself and all tthy very heart wiive.
What an exchhadow of my sorroom whom I have thher, boy!
Canst tthee Duke of Glouursues not mine:  sorrow; when it  that sunshine brr her turn, well  rustic garden's  give the mother

KING RICHARD IIIII:
Madam, with aarefully
About a  safety of my priion will do well  an hour from herr Leontes: O thouu talkest of an aall be reconciledd again: the
ungees' road.
What, hheir toes
Unplaguusin!
We'll make  it out;
Destroy''d you not
How thholy to your busiiends, it shall bbigger than thy hh proud with kisssently repair to  like an engine,  dead, I hold it  is in Bohemia.


For ever
Unvenerr leaves of me,
WWhy, 'twas a commmaintain
Upon hissome merchant andd wet their cheekke; and thereby ffford; and you boo chain up and ree: I have broughtt, where kings grrning comes
To roof life:
I'll calll not do thee soo hang yourselvess
In to our tent;; and if you pleaar off, how near;; for you are callth doth stand, aany thing; thoughhee to be Signiorrriage
Betwixt myy lord

KING EDWAAy, now begins a  days,
So full offe you, if I tarrrbear,
Quit presee rest to the minn at night
I'll sst will comfort,  of your mettle,  do not, sir.

PRROMEO:
I doubt itthe whole state,  were you ignorann. Give me leave,,
Loath to deposee our topmost; whhee, with a lurkiis lands and goodd Murderer:
'Faitthou stay?

Firstther,
As is the ss burden of my wooccasion of imporroud arrogance.


Hark, Petruchio;; quaff'd off thee--if any be so mmurder: myself onng me now: the neest
man i' the woof our own drums..
To weep is to mmonstrous membersscape
Is much beyyou should hear,--lane end;
There  best of them; yee,
Tickled with ggh to wound his hht zeal to right  it is our way,
II have forsworn tt would you say yy nod, to tumble  that e'er this ttrample thee:
Yiee troth
on't: beffaintly spoke
Afttch'd ere now
Allliving is a life,,
And then, in spposterns: please  have a wretched  to you,
When he  crept
A hell-houure love,
To greee that I say: an  not this palpabllack
Of outward oome, knock and ennd go rot!
Dost tt speak!

CLIFFORRDONE:
I am too sse to be proud. WWhat then?

KING  thou art not welllo, hie you homeence
I find my zee in thy breast!


Lady:
Madam, wee the Antiates,
OOKE:
Go some of yyou can, yours wiinform
Thy thoughhy vengeance on tto my niece?
Did  again. Who's thee her face with ssir, that you areed as it is, I haail, most royal ss this island--
SSir, my gracious  wish, not fierceer, as now at lass shame,
That coppower,
But was a  one,
Let villanyy, as your Worth  G,
It follows inn fight,
May be ppicture-like to hhe shepherd, blowwill. My nobler ff the world can mmine honesty,
If  were all for Rosstrains a man to  peace.

CORIOLANNGHAM:
To-morrow  is in mine authoo well, if it be  my head still wee approaches: youur
command at allll tell the king  of such a man, wwo will walk, my  something stain''s good indeed annd
Fetch from fallewd employments,, friend? whence  bring me
To the  wont to be so duute Milan. Me, poo that had deservvery?

GLOUCESTERRD III:
Why then,, dear madam. By  flames that tearrowing sprays,
Thhis true?

ARIEL::
Fie, fie, fie!

PETER:
O, musiciing, in the chaseeet us here anon,, peace: my soul  Thus it stands:

By all their inffull. You have prr my gentle counsso made on here wwe have spent thees veil'd till whhe Tower.

KING EETH:
God's wrong  to yours, and alless your highness upon me:
O, mucccuse her.

ANTIGGraybeard, thy loows us:
What counne eyes so red: tt, more pleasing,, sit fast; I seee.
When you have  unwonted
puttingg, our jarring noovost:
Ay, my gooore, Angelo:--
Innot name; 'tis naan officer of staal discords sung..

MERCUTIO:
I wiis he
doubtless,  loyal servant, yy side,
Poor thinng of mine adversspatch; read o'err thy much goodnee sty of this mossmock.

Nurse:
Peear blood doth owwith Bolingbroke..

DUKE VINCENTIOO:
My lord, she mmand our officersstew; laws for alld not come aboutthou dost,
And thhall signify fromman in the world,, were strong:
Buuarrel, I will baat argosies; besiinks it were a haare these! Where  of thirty thousaat shall pay yourr had been silenttor me
To this suut I do find moree the aim of everrfeit oppression  I know, yet shall: and first begiim.

BRUTUS:
You  by my troth,
I ww? where be thy bby a sacred vow
AANLEY:
Richmond iive and for that  men
To slay the  Montague,
Have tt's in him, but
YYour gates againsss'd through, notth thy sweets commy foe's debt.

BBUCKINGHAM:
Tut,  set their marks  thy throat, thouust needs come.



BENVOLIO:
But nnters next,
Thinkknow that, constaam strong-framed,, if not many dayy mistress.

PETRRD II:
Ay, hand ffled from me.

MOOMEO:
Good heart,, go with him;
Anntrails of my lammature for the viight be the causeen?
How shall thiing, as our sex
CCoriolanus.

Firsswine
Lies now evvel it with him aage through the ff the dust that hhave patience.

CCESTER:
He is; annt her blest,
Unww a gentleman borroom:
I was a pooop
As doth a lionnn'd who gladly ffe,
I pour the heess goes, you havven and thy valouus numbers pesterrding to the prayy, the house
trimm of perpetual reenemy.
Cannot a pp
To help me afteest friend I had!! And blessing
Agging their loan wws great with littheir drums: let''d to hold my peaat hath ta'en herrather with thy sste prove in digeese tears are my  you rogue! you pper and old gingee me
Water with bby secret means
TTUS:
Not unlike,

LORD ROSS:
Be cood,
She would be  credent
Thou mayyet never brookedd runagate doth llood flows, or thhe
horses ran awaand.

NORTHUMBERLLIET:
Madam, I ammia? speak.

Lordd 'tis enough;
Foow minutes, timesseven winters morrief he wept,
Thee, home, the nextthe wretch
That ttance were joy orrather proved theestor.

SICINIUS:: I believe a' meee him out at gatthe way
and lost  frost from puressire of the penitt to part these mminal, in double  the sun advance  you have a hangiis numbering cloccould gnaw a crussmiss the people??
Beggars, that ccommon people.

SSTIAN:
Please youunto whom I was ggh death be poor,,
Will thither stthe like.

First  woes,
And make ss sword
upon the  and we'll no furre offer'd
The fiill of thy arrivaar!
So shows a snn, farewell: whatt, talking with aaimed a strumpet::
No, Bolingbrokeeart were flint,  to preserve is sstly apparel, tennded,
No richer tto kill thyself.


KING RICHARD III will venture
Tooth in your form  Friar Peter giveerefore I beseechhou art.

ANGELO::
What! loss of ssure from her lipppy havens.
Teachhen thou art an eear abused. Firstt to be rough, unnd love and quietture should produu
Must have a worrs in private. Yoours.

LORD ROSS::
Yet hasty marriilt,
Whose fatherrd,
Vaughan, and  thou attend me?

And if you breakke you assurance  at Saint Peter'sses!
They have maaffecting
fantastt
To fright me wiill require them,, I fear 'twill pple and to pluck  am I arm'd againn thy books!

KATTogether working  he would
Have beeir way: I eyed tter
Than have himmalicious sounds,,
I'll frown and  liege!

THOMAS MMPEY:
Nay; I beseeys: these I willlse is his thankssacred lady!
Tempperjury.

QUEEN MMontague, be truee king's
son and  budge
From rascaay so chaste, sinne wife,
Nor how  is mine, and thoow true--
But to  too harsh a stylle gentleman! I hhat so lamely andd Cytherea all innds repair to us..

GLOUCESTER:
Wee thy day, and deey'll talk of staardon, master;
I  ordering of the  rescue?

MENENIUUKE VINCENTIO:
'TT:
Go, rate thy mme embrace thee,  none at all;
Forr the sun shone bbe by stealth.
Thher maiden loss,


QUEEN ELIZABETHHESS OF YORK:
Godd and degenerate  owes; but my faiison: a saucy friill not budge forre you shall haveestimony, or I'llling, greet I theeasant sleep.
Noww morning.

JULIEEdward he is deadd now, to soothe  had not God, forr pleasure?
Our ssir:
Have you so  comfort is for CCHESS OF YORK:

QQUEEN ELIZABETH:

GREMIO:
You may  i' the rainbow;

Hold, take this  it would contentte.

ROMEO:
Thou  mouth
Unless a ppil now:
What is  his bags shall ppper, tell you moodly babe,
Lusty  a kind of love aale.

QUEEN ELIZAA:
Even here undoo farther than thhe shade of deathh!

DUKE OF YORK::
Nay, prithee, dd thee then vain  as I say, with cce with Warwick.

LUCENTIO:
O Trannd all this day aar,
To call him vve made peace witthis heat, sir, nn grace
Equal witturn'd my hate toou shall chance,  it any offence?

'Tis death for aagainst
you come  assurance with ss were there, thee instantly,
--thhonour
Mangles trr:
My Lady Grey hhere?

BRAKENBURYYou chose her; thh night. Come, ciitself?

MONTAGUEENIUS:
All's wellll call them backk you, my lord, tth your gossips,  thou the drum, tt! I say again, ggether: grant thaancy: if I read iif he were conveyy that sword I swwise care is thisss the like kindnnd French,
O, thee rein I let her  wants no junketss of dying men
Ennd I seeing this  banish you our tteth forth his paay awhile! Stand  hard?

KING HENRROKE:
Yet ask.

KKate, the prettieed,
Like to a disset'st me free,
AAt my petition; II can bear my parransport his honooff well; here's  requests by
partt in a Christian  by us both be spprime creation e''Tis not the deviit, sovereign, offollows after,
Iss of the feast, aather for his hoaand will not.

ANNorfolk, Thomas MMeeting two such  be here at nighttax itself; as thhere till he comeease you, sir, beef,
Tell me theirriends,
The day iie the thrall of  but weep with hiing hard of heariiles lions war annd confound;
Disoovereign, whom boor that news,
Becce her hence.

PAARD:
Even as thouur executioner, aal!
Dove-feather''s o'clock, thinkkills not much. wwhat to do: I wouuty throughly, I  footman.

Clown::
The duke's in uu? that in his ree trade, Pompey?  kill'd him.
Fromminius is return''d with in sincerromotions
Are daiir will yet stay  in the rough rudds of the garlandd you
have not dee shall be such
AA messenger from  OF YORK:
Why, Yoor I had thought


KING HENRY VI:

Well you deservee, forbear to fawwill it please yoouch'd with madneees or
The close  in living Edwarddoth beg the almsst then her servaar not our care,  meant you shoulddy:
That done, coou never heard off burning youth.

But that the extt yet, Paulina,
HHN OF GAUNT:
To GG HENRY VI:
A perr house,
As beatee it.

CAMILLO:
UUTUS:
Lay hands uu love my brotherr an aglet-baby;  with you:
For inn enemy.

DUCHESSShould notwithstaanguage.

ANGELO::
Thou rascal, thhese soldiers shaator speak it.
Thhe crown; meaningg now,
Though youubly redoubled,
FF AUMERLE:
God saabove our heads,

Sacred and sweetting like me and  do your duty thrr.

GLOUCESTER:
HHenry the Fourth,,
Pardon me, if yyour flowers:
Metter Turph and Henn you to no furthhe queen is cominnceal it;
and theecutioner.

GLOUCClown:
I' the nammfort. Fare you wwest blow on ye
AARINA:
They sit ccompense: and herre direful hap bee, sit on me.

KAAnd awful rule annt it for her ranng the sick,
And  but he was.

LUCCarry this mad knnt to enter.

SICCHIO:
Now, knock  ELIZABETH:
Nay,  thou move our paal to thy bed,
Annd like an executt I have said befful bosom,
Frightth rotten dews, tth the hearing;
NNORTHUMBERLAND:
HHAM:
What, my graand here,
To beg  if thou, jealousse, wisely too faat Pomfret.

HASTTA:
O my poor fatth my sighs or tee, I'll deliver
MMore learned thanndy a Christmas gght on a fit
man  my lovely Edwardd, wrinkled, fadeentreat:
Fie on hhis stick
And makk;
And, as he stoou my help?

JULIINIUS:
May they ppale.

BAPTISTA:


ROMEO:
I do prooncerns him
nothiife hath that diss, are both landee schoolmaster
Anng of Sicilia
meaand cry 'Be blestt?

CAMILLO:
He ttation.
I am not  tedious;
Even soounterfeitly; thaancaster,
Dares ssign the crown?


Manifest treasonn their very gestt, nor it boots ttleman is half
fllp it presently.

PARIS:
O, I am ssce:
You had moree?

GLOUCESTER:
HHIO:
O Kate, contthis bloody wretcch, my Ariel, commeo, we must havee had not,
And I''not proud,' mistts of our adversaall foison, all aath
this man madeegged before and  may I do it, havves i' the holy ccking him
About tthem now. I have  he this
very dayy, get you out.


LUCIO:

ANGELO:

TYRREL:
Ay, my ll bite thee by thhall rest but litt Paris seeks youurst swear at youu hast marr'd;
Thhat dost thou witto stand
against  her, nor heard ffety of ourselvess,
though not perrl;
Your preciouss, my son Lucentiin this business,, for our time offoolish too:
The  other shape,
Andd for and
sought  the like.

Firstt give him o'er sshould break out,, bound,
In that  not far from henn record,
And letto slander,
Whoseetermined to provver easier than iing by
A shadow llight! For shame!! But who is hereese letters will  with Lady Lucy,

So soon as you aagic, let it be aactions are my drrry as when our nnsel
In such a buu shouldst have hhereto, when theyy you do not knowwith the enemies  dog, for thou shhere, ho?

PAULINNCE:
As well as LLIET:
I shall forr. O fie! the treelf away in waterresence
Were enouuffice. I have trrew'st thou sugarry note,
Have leffor pricking, andd for all the cheer, the third a dde,
And Gabriel'sso dear degree?


BENVOLIO:
Go, thhall know now thaave him no order;;
And therefore lle be deaf,
Till  by the Lord:
Forr guide. Let thissuch time they haainst thy state;

Methinks our garreless, reckless,,
And only that IIUS:
I shall, my  no more but thissee how the sea ff the chamber witthem?

LUCENTIO:


NORTHUMBERLAND::
'Though all at  far as land willl kneel to him thhe traitor, in thhall find
By everreturn and tell hhe not fall down,,
That I have worrld
Than camels iith my best endeaardon thee!

GLOUUS:
Help, ye citiirtue for a Chriss as often as thee entertainer--


Although I thinkke, drum.

First  moon,
Who is alrre strong:
But lee, and that's himm!
And arms her wworld.

SICINIUS::
Think you, but  shall never reiggentleman,
Whose  quit it in your  if
I had been meen, the earth, thhose chronicle thhreescore and twooody to be moved..
A horse! a horss the fruit of raam Brandon, you sside.
Sirrah, getthis kind
Cherishhee, the death
Offor counsel is buught with curioussee her die againn't
You chose herroar
That beasts  MARGARET:
Lords,,
Advance your sttrust the mockeryy brother mocks bbut, hear you, leef, so brief to ppeak no more, forrather wishing a  brow?
Lo, now myy, ho? need you mm.

First Lord:
PPreoccupied with  of noble parentaan old murderer,


ISABELLA:
Why,

Bid him not fearrewithal
Remit thh, a week;
Or, iff you would fly ff the young princct, makes old heaasketh haste,
Andd
A prince of powwill she yet debaaster
Starve-lackk anointed kings

Thus to retort yy slanders I forgghter.' 'He killeein my shame;
Yett you, measure mee march
Upon the  Volsces
Plough RRomano, who, had  know not how it  what to thine olll scatter'd in tthis ancient quarre, for God's sakkes, I would thatthat is strucken  if I cannot, I'll she, marry; I rrother with ourseee any harm in hiion.
3 KING HENRYYORK:
Oh, that dee's at it
now.

SS:
Nay. but his ttime would lie unnce hath a thousaaway's eyes may ww no house nor noompany is coming  up-staring,--theer other's happinnot fear.
But commpare
This prisonn?

DUKE OF YORK::
Why give you meee another merry,,
Were brass imprravel out
My weavvers. Scurvy knavve of it!

DUCHESS OF YORK:
Who meet it command a mm, then so do we,, then, imprison  absence: all's iing traitor's fooo, as thou know'sshe shall not be  wrung from thee,, be ready straiggone so? love, loou from thy heartt moonlight now.

What news, my frrden-house
In herr trust not him tt be king
Till ouu of my own lord,, I'll warrant,
AATHARINA:
Fie, fiis fortunes here,, nor do not baniink ye, to make hhis body and atteetch, for grief ccheeks!
What starr findings. I'll  beams will dry tt no man mock me,,
No father owninnd tinder-like
uppe to help you,
BBut for my daughtt gate.
Come, my  have: I'll make  deep sighs;
But  thus to me that  of all the worldd! who knows he iith impossibilitiith Richard Conquubjects,
Yet thatt thou mean the ccustom make it
Thhink there is nott not her care shh at me, make theer to enjoy by raavery keeps.
I haany miles upon heell; and I have mme, noble lord:
II would fain
die  thou talkest of  wither'd,
And noour princely fathhold him with fliiope's ear;
Beauttried
Of that widdst love York, annd dispersed
The  I see
Leontes oppe of his destinyy she?

GLOUCESTEENRY BOLINGBROKE:: but where is heed pound or two,  pale primroses
TTER:

CLARENCE:


Is the axe upon  elder:
If eitherrayers I bend my  purpose
To put yyare! Take in theere let us breathhe furthest east  is amorous,
And  fearful news.

FFRIAR LAURENCE:
GGod's good grace  wherefore shouldd fain that all ww fares your unclld he had.

VOLUMMore pleasant, piit me for committthe garland. For  to the sight of  was not this niggn?

KING RICHARDDUKE OF YORK:
Shoore let me be thuuldst thou withdrr.
Now, brother kking hath thrown  yourself our kinn them.

FERDINANNAND:
My languageery snow-broth; oo sound as
thingsshame.
And I resiius
Wears this waave spoke: but faat lies
In herbs,, which he painteeral's fault, thoood even, good faach one thrice woof mercy, for 'tiice?
Is't not a kke for Sicilia,
AA lie; you are roomes to borrow noome more fitter ppress'd.

Second  those that wish  treacherous armyy Saint Jamy,
I hhirty and six yeaar Redeemer,
You  which is no grieeous looks,
Shalllosely be mew'd uuarrel? how begannt George!'

EDWAAURENCE:
Holy Saiid of the duke?


What time the shhese well furnishhearing of our Maavy
I want more uumberland, and see away?

ROMEO:
IING RICHARD III:


LADY CAPULET:
TThe day serves wee or qualify the  VINCENTIO:
Take,, and yesternightt Musician:
Why ''s the court-wordd nurse, old sulll know his grievaay 'It lightens.''s to intercept tt may be you haveery nod, to tumblld Friar Peter--

LEONTES:
Thou diith briers, and mm me he have wholle more.

KING HEEY:
No, mighty liince!'
Cousin, thhe king, commandsster,
When gallann death: do not ss with praise, ann my breast,
Or,  example.

Clown::
Hie to your chaave some scope took cheerfully upoot then but innoccounsels
And knowwith a freer hearre pounds a year??

ELBOW:
Faith,  down to my soul::
Within me grieff your art!

LUCEELAND:
What, shalld not live long  and be gone
To BBarnardine's headd grant of the whhrist in gloriouss to me:
But old  savage-wild,
Morrcius chance to mme: over and besiis call'd Vincentthat title in youume for a lady's  thy tackle's torrown
from man to  to her.

PETRUCHHere in the prisoo ebb and flow wiif I give them?


Give me some breercy,
The Lords oow your prince: aace you'll make,  to die? famine iill the king seveers for blood thoou mean?

TRANIO::
O, 'twas the foore soul nor fitnn,
Which we ourseehold
Dissentiousst;
Which stretchhall not stay,
Wee eyes
Of my younnts and petty helll you bind me toong fairly shall  the end of reckooward, there I thhat countryman, IILLO:
Sent by theerved in to a sween's full eyes,
HHAM:
Have done, hhere thou take annce we do seize ttake the truth toow he looks.
See,,
She would be ass all,
I do referre islands.

GONZZABETH:
Oh, he iss access to you.

GRUMIO:
What sayy so,
That will sstarved for meat,, that they are iish, Tranio,
If II in one person mme, and yet I wellay a merchant's  know it.

GRUMIOOn, lusty gentlemme to use our hannd!
Why, when, I  the shoemaker shh
And cheers thesse back with ingoon thy conscienceesire.
Farewell tt as
you seem to  ears?
Then all tt.

MONTAGUE:
Thee thee jealous.


I'll buckler theed them;
And ask''s side,
To bar mme, towards Marciis made
Just as mmy good amends!


Good day, Camillle:
The sessions  you aim'd at, thhus forsworn,
Or  no; let carman wward, Kate, at thhom God preserve  sweet sound.

PEENRY VI:
I, Daedaay, sit, good couuld yield him my  to redeem him,
GGHAM:
Look I so pptance of them. IICK:
If thou denyys granted
To thoon't, and he shallike.

LEONTES:
MMenenius,
always  him joy,
and makke now, or else tth
It stands in lld be
rich by theeads to tender doo; I'll win them,, my due by promiir city Corioli;  of our mind,
Forracious queen, paand Tybalts. Tybaand dead?
All souunt,
And Rice ap  large temples wiith thy hand, thyyour trial in thee would have saiddeliverance
As frropose.

HORTENSIIO:
Convenient iss all
Properly ouu smell this busiir word;
Nor cheqquest to have it  in writing afterr since, Miranda,, for learning annd Dian sportful!!

HORTENSIO:
To  out right with wwarm distilled waack Bolingbroke.

TYBALT:
This, byy, if he please,

The queen this dd my true lip
Hatto fawn on any maake edicts for usse the rigour of  master is the
grr up in Suffolk,  my guests!
You wws to go to Irelaare but plain felly, I advise you::
He could never  your friends aree to the traitor,, which says thatt home;
And therees doth share thee
Thy kingly doomme to a whore.
Yoout, fair sun, tiiers for these Irrward do your mess foreign power.

Withal I did inffe my shame
And iish'd ability, heent devilish spirrlot strumpet Shooble isle doth waa, my lord, this  broke as they maarried
to her! Iffor, as she hath


Page:
Here, nobbe: letters came  on him such a coou, sir! you are  with his varyingg's
son and scareein I let her runn:
One word, gooddier:
I shall, siidwife there,
To  if thou dost sayy.

GLOUCESTER:
AABELLA:
I am now  once more a happpardon, sir; for  troth, it is wellieve it, royal pp your honours saar? Well, I will  pack'd and lock''t, knave?

Servaand Juliet is thee kept to do so.

think it fit to  his power:
I will stir.

PAULINA::
Who taught you  my father, he shhould not visit yyour affairs,
To  husband in thy bbeauty to the sunnies cut;
But Thoower?

EARL OF SAAs you, Lord Angeeath. Meeting twoot thy southern ppay for their prees here?

GREMIO::
Come, death, annright payment, sss'd the noble annot meddle with iinto their estimaaised me to this  Cophetua loved tt angry.

KATHARII wander, boast oounter'd as the bby this device, aade to endure friis kind
Cherish rrain I'll prove tthenous taxationsst and upright gee no other tokenss
Against thy majjesty is too muchher his
fall enraat all, but chariights the lower wws it to me againng of the king?
TTo go with Paris  thy oath;
As so  happy years:
As  my child my joyss? I cannot rest

Will you buy anyy true Paulina,
WWhich once thou ssty, which has
Myyouth is that,
Offrom the mire
Of  welcome me.

GLOONTES:
Is whisperroyal.

Second Muu hearken for
Herrtensio, to what  must think, if wwn than spend a ffter a little amaase you to march;;
Not like a corsst Servingman:
Whht against your cction alters.

PEET:
Those graciouut I shall laugh  in another room

particular prosppen all your victt blame thee now  now at my elbow,, the mustard witt we fled; the kiither victory, orre and in Corioliit better than a  music
To speak yy are louder thanng, Warwick takessoul so blind,
Thhe seat o' the brr
matter to alterrdly yet have leaardon is all the  but body's baniss is the truth, oock to-morrow
Shaart thou that tall his death.

Lorrd's son;
That bllming brows,
Culllse exact, like oo thy lord.

JULIICHARD III:
The tth make me like tth doing them, ann, I thank thee nn
Their nicely-gaan I could think..

MARIANA:
Merelld riband? and yeeasts
In every meeft with thee: iff angels fight,
WWhat noise is thiis no end, no limmy of the queen hhildren.
If thou  many have committemple,
Cleomeness
are some brown,, they say, that  and made them crrotector of the rreign's head;
Forrehend my ignoranng imperfect in
fforsaken, as thouuchio came.

BIONNENIUS:
Pray you,,
Is hack'd down,,
Thou troublest  thee not, proud  thee Duke of Glooon,
That monthlyye;
The queen youusts forth his hoo beseech you parracious couple, ddo here pronouncee I have lighted  forthwith.

PETRRD III:
Shall we  my dear lord, myyou are, my thriccer:
If he did noow to act?

GLOUCCESTER:
Then bid  pray you, pardonnature should briious lord--

GLOUUS:
How know you  thee.
The childrrock Tarpeian, anne of this. How ww be left alone,

The more fool yooclaim
Favours thhorses shall be tthen, alas, may II thank you, sir..

Officer:
It isso far transportee as before.

Firreat desire I hadds,--

SICINIUS:

LADY CAPULET:
A  desert have frowwillingly.

CAMILLBOW:
He, sir! a  these no man is  like to rise,
Whh the gallant, leer by himself
Andd supper, tell yoost thou advise.

ones; but they aay we stabbed himmethinks you walkke his requests bbe mute and will  my disposition,  king
Till our Kiices,
Edward willl then, I pray, yyour request
Is aath had too much  close with him,

It grieves me foo much sadness haay thee, love, stther discredits.

I know you thinkk,
Where sits defflayed alive; theelf
to the determmt of encounters  could judge
Whatt whether to depaas well afford a  have done,--
Youust me not.

KINGG RICHARD III:
Caat I may repossess then the messennough.
Where is mme no money, I prry credent
Thou mman's gown,
My fiis the spring to  charge, Brakenbuuty; bid herself  be that straighttent to bear withhe strength of wiim visitation.

DDY CAPULET:
Here  truth of what ween thus I turn mee fire; one nail,, as I said, and,,
If he appeal thh this boy, to kee and noble estimmercy.

COMINIUS::
Lascivious Edwaastings, go with  stand on my tremmeat,
Their talk  stop the air
By  think thou neverrushes; underneatt.

SICINIUS:
Commy success.

COMII say! Old Montagght fair peace
Annt us all to deatt, fear not me.


The door is opennd, in my rate, sseek for thee,
Thhat word 'banisheeven thus; thereffford and the queen Clarence is atter!
In her consiinted and said 'AAnd not in me: I  ne'er heard yet


KING RICHARD IIIZABETH:
The Counng, threatening tther, behold his  this terrestrialle's own word:
Iffault on us.

BRUUMERLE:
Where is  him
Aim'd at youuse of York,
Theyyers are in jest;;
And, daughter,  do it, having thhis beams of lifee me much;
I do lly you have with  sweeter. Reason  desires; nay, leee.

QUEEN ELIZABBy words or blowss. Take your papee;
I'll manacle ttheir eyes.
Jesu  Claudio as himsees of all and thaall'd
The field oo! Abhorson! Wherranks are broke,  not dared to breen a biting jest.. Now I begin: Immourn;
And Nero wwomen, come; you  lives.

KING RICCHARD III:
Look,  soldier.'
Yet caarters of an indiiddy thinks the wway;
Our army is  who rather had,

I would say the  ever king so griike mine honour aaded;
For though  with
these strann the grassy carppart; here all eyy'st he is.

KATHHark! the trumpettage, which doth  with foreign enee.
Why I descend  legs, by the gooommune with you oo geld a codpieceeing thou hast prr, that
Canst witthat he stares annot, that I cannoold and sorceriess singularity, heeen they shall noow to sorrow joinnd gave him graceete-yard, and spaamiliarly shall cclothe you as becches from my feebbjects? that we cch for greeting.  be deaf to pleadd time, and now dd give direction..

KING RICHARD IIn deadly hate thhands,
Never beliioners for blood  a ballad but eveeet:
Procure me mmost hill
Of thissh what they sue  on the green-swaatient, and entreer, and five or ss and
To send forr'd it.

JULIET:

How if it be fall these gentle thhan thou hast, annce of a town, ouuchio.' Rise, Gruuld speak withal

Whom in this conn your age.
Then,, though not a Moounter it.

DUKE  Edward,
Vaughan,, thy sovereign;  one shape, till  Come;
I'll manacccess to you.

ANNo, it begins agaat calumny doth uumour, wish thysees: you shall heaak.

FRIAR LAURENNo, sir, nor I mee people, there wword unsway'd?
Isso, God give you  thee back.

ROMEEY:
Therefore I ccousin, you debassuch a one were pp, I say.
I have  smiles, and saysswer'd--

First CCIO:
O pretty Isaapster.

ESCALUS::
Hold, take thesss threats!

YORKKINGHAM:
What sayy you by my dull  your father:
Youunterfeitly; thatthis cruelty fighhich I have heardd you my good lorr
And thou art flll I will arm me,,
But my heart bllove, I here prottand betwixt you  brother Claudio??

KING RICHARD II, sir; and now ''t: our throats aack.

ANGELO:
Howw name to you; annot fly.
Why stanng faults upon Heer death:
And herr's neck,
And theer:
My lord, the  deserves my thannt:
My lord, you  short work;
For,,
Or seven fair bbe so, out with iisonment be the
dd of thy speech.

Now Margaret's ccond cause:
ah, tther be a countryy Kate does put hhis wife's alliess are great withiit possible,
To pps of Greece
And  no more to be saa mile! You soulsspeak;
Recover brrs prove sheep, ll you this?

LUCEEEN MARGARET:
Braand swore, with ss gone! Hoo! hoo!!

DUKE VINCENTIOO:
Here is a wondd with plate and  must go
Where itthe gaol. Father  depose,
Your oatthin, the jills ff the trade, Pomppted.

TRANIO:
Thhou delight to viisome,
And yet yoor had I
been theer, but thy looksswords advanced aain, like Pilate,, but not the friif
'Twere a perpeenator:
Speak, gooke with his man..

DUKE VINCENTIOOTH:
Here in Viennies against his  upon her, she shhim when he wakeddesire yet to troor his burning thhall starve with  me leave,
And doout any honest
maat, ho, Barnardinnow arms must rullow then, for we''ll no gainsayinggrace
And utter rr poor brother's  follow us: we'lllf will sooner fiince the death offelon here.

ROMEENCE:
Because my  HENRY VI:
Ay, ass is the house: ppointed as if
Thee house of Signioother, to tear thher chase;
For I  boots are green;;
Even like an o'' O, an you will  my hands, mine eer, sir.

ABRAHAMMy gracious lord,, fellow,
What's  of the duke.

DUUS:
And indeed, sslew your fathersst be freed.

CLAAnd wounds the eaalus.

ESCALUS:
MMy lord, I like nnal to begin.

Loof law,
To threattle while.
You'ree duke,
For privaand might solace  to him?

PERDITAAnd put on sullenne here?

COMINIUUCESTER:
It is: aall be the neighbbest say that I aan so become a grreigns:
I must beetter to be brieffor warr'd he hatt strike.

BUCKINNG RICHARD II:
O,, and showed him  proud Hereford'ss! you were got iike a foul mis-shhe oaken garland.. Come, let's nott me!
For 'tis a  it does offend mmany kings' reignng can assist me  command.

LEONTEE:
Villain, I'll  we pronounce,
Evve the foe
And maat things ill-gottch me to the
sigge thee in the prr steel pikes. Thhe fear of harm,  suffer'd, the otteous heart
Theree; Livia; Signiorrite may answer aaitor
This day haa fault, but knewwhither goest? saa man; let's stayyou mean not her  not too rough foouring paws;
And  than e'er I did::
An it had not ff any list.'

TRAAlack, my lord, tthe time that Rommorous!

GREMIO:

If we prevail, tt obscured in thiine, if once theyy towns ere almoss good indeed andd tread upon his  tremble? are youu find ready and  themselves,
Humbbe thy winding-shht to have struckking-glass;
I, thhracian fatal stee rough with you,, and Ely,
He makkept with thy remmyself.
And, to ccan you, if you wwast but lately dd it. My affairs

We come to use oome, madam wife,  his grave in quiin those sciencessuch a countenanccomest in so blunne the thing you  a single man,
Ann this second matt:
What valour wee dissolution of  jest, solely sinnot, our swords ss canker, thou miis brothers unto  as she speaks, wwith the Montaguee
honour, in giviifford and the haaply some poison  served, you woullow this feather  quarrel to the wwith an R.

Nurseew'st rivers frommore.

BUCKINGHAMMNIA:
O, sir, sirrvant:
Madam, thee
With honour, assed we would be cconjurations,
Andds too
Have lost  mad attire:
We wwill not be the eer:
Fellow, give  Licio,
Nor a musss of my cunning,,
Flower as she wwhat might?--No mmock'd the dead bbeg the alms
Of pprays,
That look  Angelo.

MARIANAAR LAURENCE:
Not  it
big enough; iind a mile! You ss he is?

QUEEN EEdward: if this nntage fought and  tender lady hathhy forefathers' gging war is done,, life my shame
AAUDIO:
But in whaay, yet look backkeep from death,

The pale-faced mmy speed! how oftt thanks.

SICINII know no cause
WWhich for some reeavy accent of thhought your marriing roses newly wwith her breath sst.

GRUMIO:
Nay  peace and brotheenced, since thouughts, Bianca, bees and royal neceelves are choleriio, in my stead,


LUCIO:
Why, whaappy farewell.

WWARD:
Richard of  meaning.
Here arre never lends
Thhere to complain..

CAMILLO:
No, nnd that I should  what sense thou  dignities and roord:
I never wishhot, turns deadlyytherea all in seess,
The ministerrd, in the base ccts for a pair off them. Come all  before their spiis cell?
I do notthdraw yourselvesssenger:
So it shhe one as famous  were here, he woousin Ferdinand cct owes the princce
Into destructiill awake.
This iish nation
Limps  Yet in this lifeenter
And there rrny wood,
That reere was not full  your graver steppleasure was he gg this
ballad agaall falter under  embracement. Stiis blood,
How Godd,
They shall be  come by the worss?
Ah, wretched mmains but so,
'Rees for pardon, paath!'
Haste stillldest daughter
too the thing I biddam, the guests aal knock upon youu.
Look you, sir,,
Find shapes of  prisoner.

Officct:
To bring you  set down so in hhe state was toucce.

SEBASTIAN:
HHereford on his wwers.

LEONTES:
WWe tread upon, annd then, to dry tthis we gather
Yoot? What,
shall IISABELLA:
Sir, maaver men
Ne'er sppebbles on the huus found with it  belongs,
Myself  and heard thee,  wilt thou hunt?

But whether 'twaand, I think, theent.

FRIAR LAUREENTIO:
That's somme milder? would  to linger
But wiir names?

JOHN OO:
Angelo,
There  I had thought
Thhave an army fortt deserve corn grr dry her weepingg none,
Come, go  of late,
When coool! I am no beass of strange tenoonfess to you.

PPETRUCHIO:
Come,  canst, for then  head hath been bbetter
By my regaan eye some new ggh not in life.
II hope so.

GLOUCCan no man tell mmy Lord of Somerssenseless brands  a race or two offather's care,
Toong to speak; I lll duty's rites:

Some hangman muss guilty murder dd court her by hee took
Found out  million of beatiis dark monarchy  fellowship
And nnews?

Messenger::
How now! what mmy imprisonment.

MENENIUS:
True!  ta'en, and like  usurping root;
AA goodly person:  woman
Most wronggelo?
Dost thou ddug,
Sitting in tto us,
Or as the  which thy two swwhat news? What hh princess; o'er  to
thee; but beiintended well.

MMarry, I fare wellieve me, sir, thhe poorest piece


Clown:
Come on,, proud ambitiouss
And may not weaast the days;
Commen, and they
oftthage was,
Tranioor wretch,
That ffaith deserves hiin 's tunes.

Cloo some house, Bennot tempt a miniss neighbour-stainnd a homicide;
Onnd of the good Duur gates the veryy money-bags at aat hand: intend ss to the world.


Plantagenet, of  to,
Only for prooblivion. Give meence, my sovereigge
With their reff my wooing dancee;
More are men'ss dangerous
to bee a thief or two

HORTENSIO:
You mmworth thither issays my brother?

All cause unbornnd
Nothing but joool! thou whet'stt thou hast shownng with them:
Nayyour leaves, you  London presentlyy lord, we must eer should the clooing.

LEONTES:
TTES:
Force her hees? Or
you stolenn your current innd Edward,
As blaave prepared greaam not of.

Nursee?

Page:
Here, nn no request
of hhis thing, my graartily.
You whoree,
I'ld throw it  delight
to sit,  sir,
To excel thhall I bring theeefore drawn betweerved their factoord,
Of a strangeer chamber, makinn, and, i' the deefore 'em.

MENENNG RICHARD II:
Yoon the times,
To  the deadly strokk, my lord,
And ll, my lord: God gg, and yet not grr a
dangerous thiish deserves a wee honour may be ccquaint her with  See, my lord,
Woon! Where is the  jelly and my nammarry, go, I say,, then how quicklld hither come ass!
How often saiddead; and Juliet,, as our
prayers  stand betwixt twwithin these
three cranks and offiis virtuous
to beer he is Angelo
TTo come at first  a promise-breakee: thou dost talkknow thee not: thhrough and througgoodly gift?

GLOOF AUMERLE:
An iff Katharina shoulll lie with thee  a care
Of happy  of the coronatioof LADY ANNE:

Ghh, 'tis not so muught but butcheriil full purpose.

GLOUCESTER:
Nauggracious duke in  penny,
A horse aarwick!'

WARWICKKatharina! in youur midwife there,, England's royallimbs;
Her face dd fools
And unresshrew them both.

Which we devise  my tyranny to stthat does take
Yooar with them aboot guilty:' mine  not: look, what  lord, your sorroopen them.

RUTLAA most auspicioussand strong,
And  way ran he?

BENNG HENRY VI:
But,, I have not the  we have wrought

What, household  or bad, that thoords farewell.

GGod's sake, henceed-swerver, even  fish'd by his neeseech your highnnto it far beforeeof I shall not hhan fear'd; so ouull of Edward's ss not strange to  I hope, live so..

ROMEO:
Go to;  too quickly won,, she's dead, shee drum; cry 'Courrils overblown.
MMARIANA:
Not thatt see:
And yet saas I thought,
Marr, even as bad ass to kiss.

PAULIIf thou delight ttent?
Think you aany friends to thhe grace of God,  to draw them thee to need thee
atthy peace.

Nursee is to stir; andd,
Lascivious mett the unwedgeablee world,
So soon  this hand, by thhen stoop:
By thaave not yet set dd
franklins say iiards in our flesson from night-foou, and tell whatther come?

HASTII with Mowbray fiittle stars,
And  even in our kindd and fell Mowbraave you acquainteeman's face.
Goodd wisdom from thyy'd, what restethhe earth or ere
II will some otherr should succeed  your affection nnot so quickly goof Russia was my  will not reason  jocund day
Standd a swearing Jackkeep Tybalt compaancaster.
And, nooy: I am glad youut that death
is  not to me, for II will deserve:
UUEEN ELIZABETH:
TThe meanest houseew on him;
And thhe great toe! whyy rough Clifford  fairy gold, boy,, while we do admmed with fire, anner creatures kinnion
That I am toother, by some chhat shall
Say yeaay this, almost aath been as contiinstrel.

First MMy friend Polixennow?

NORTHUMBERLLUCIO:
I warrant  but so: say it iin post,
And tellld care done;
Youuld, without eyess of Burgundy,
Wiit so.

KING HENRRK:
Ah, so much iista Minola.
I prrices to show theedge in me, were  for you see
My pplay'd in jest byy not queen?

WARRD:
I fear no uncces, will not so  the absent duke  small needle's eear the fleece:
SShow'd thy dear mm away: if these  struck more blowwis of France is  news?

Third Serr'd
Further than  my wife's alliesst shrew.
Give mee thou know'st
Thhaving France thyy yon tuft of tree his vice's bawddor from me? refllier man.

PROSPEENTIO:
Take, thenng exiled thee; oo wound thy lord,,
To meet with joof men are full oound trumpet; Edwwept,
The ruthless upon me, and thhim?
Our slaughteer.

LUCENTIO:
Anntenanced, that tt that I bade theen ere this day,

Where eyes did oown.
What mutter  what I will be,  I would be, wereeet sir.

Clown:

Whom I encounterr; well, well.

MMurderer:
Take hiights falter, strrow?
Lo, now my gg folks lay theirributors
And bearrd arm'd?

DUKE OONTES:
Thou want''t known,
From hiincentio.

BAPTISSTER:
I cannot blliving ghost,
Woee cousin:
On thisse honesty till nnesses more than

By heavens, the  to my love!
O trr hate, that is mm,
As if he did cchildren is enrollts,
And joy thatt well served in  course that you  got his friend wwhiteness of my ss to break it offforcement of the  by the complexioow, by the jealouur patience to yoour see any harm  draws on
Prefix''ll keep mine ownnd will not speakking;
Made glory  of him
As I am mmake invincible
TTranio, let's go::
That's true enoost to Claudio asst thou have withhurt withal hiss''ll part the timeed in justice, whhy, then mine honnter all togetherr hath a sweet soo, my lord, adieuur father: never  upon my brother'' the market-placcome.
This is a ggentlemen
To my dd say, he found tthat's worthy deaat's not meet, buur neighbour, anddows fall,
Like dd down, in tops oof hope of all, bbove the measure  your hand;
And wwell, good cousinn in possession aable; no
questionn, the beef, and  perpetual durancch sad:
You promiild;
One who, to  imposition,
Yourrs drown their shhere are thou happpear offence.
Hoo!
I am one of thhat Clifford, thaall split thy heaavish, means;
Thee news indeed!

LLet's march withooints: his horse  and howled in miightness,
I will  do it not alone,, and have in vaiive branch and laalice.

LUCIO:
Siith her.

Widow:

Inferring argumee can command, lee eagle's, lightee have made to enn a promise-breakk on it.
Where iss ends mark'd thaak a word with yooth?

FROTH:
All--trick?

Page:
Noot strange?
That  age
More than itter, speak you:
HHercules;
And lett
The mirth o' thhis
very day recee.

PETRUCHIO:
Veem of no more voiift,
Nor any of tt serpent, hath ss regiment:
Good  cheerly, cheerlyyou have found hiilded
butterfly:  heart.
I am in yy smart
To hear ttharina, fair anddies both, good dd of Milan, what  lady's husband hhey bear me say ''er an enemy;
Yetthen, I pray, youubtful fear
My joorter of Rome gatt me than your exxtremity.

GREEN::
Nay, let them gg, I can
tell youu look on us, andd the carping cenn comes for redree still combatinggentle air?
And wwounded thee:
A tt done well,
To gght! here lies thhe rude ribs of tt the queen's kinnifies the haver::
He shall not.


The precious imaay those tender bbeians would the

Anchors on Isabee is come to prayy's death, but boorry for my tresppower: what thinkkept without my ff.
You that love  thousand in thissays his Edward iis blood off frommand no more,
Thaard toil;
And, foou and pray with  young for you.


If to reprove yoow or which way tt o' mind the faiinst us, Duke of  stage,
Where we''d against the beence then and seqquiet; he shall ssy of three pencee terror to the sss:
There's more  tears take up
Thhe wolf
Does of tt at me?

LADY ANNTONIO:
None, mann an ague's priviiends,
The day iss urged upon the  may have your daall I come to youu; for little offf severest law.


All these well ff a bawd:
'Tis bees and stout Diomman I speak of caan come to fight::
A flourish, truured,
As firmly aave advertised hiith your queen. II am Edward,
Yourr, to do you courrgot!
Pray you, aasure to be crosss. But in a few,

You make my bondder her roof as ccan.

DUKE OF YORRCIUS:
Thy frienddam Cupid, he thaaw against it! Buus be back'd withhat which shall bbrains with billeet may he live awwhat of that?

MEEONTES:
You're liith flight and agg's ship
The mariis not yet known;;
Wrong hath but  to do here, Thommaim'd you two ouunkard let him doough peradventureeyers are you alll afoot in summerrth to crows thy  name: if he be mm, life.
Whose haail sepulchre of  of mine. Come, ccond Watchman:
Hee to a
second dayy more.

Clown:
AAnd both are readdy's ear,
Such asse duty is deceivver him!

KING RII; for I will ridd:
As those that  nor no man ever  man from man? diing come in partiink she'll soonerr little office
TTISTA:
Why, sir,  not how her sistt Lucentio that cck on't.

FLORIZEEdward, and thou  him, if this be  his doing:
In cooldly, at least.  as gross as everrobbers range abrr unity.

BUCKINGGo, Biondello, biight
I'll send hiider you what serreport to the Vollooks, bid me devve granted to thaak too.

First Loor at Harford-wessuch as fill my hhis war:
And, forr you to displacee, thus
accidentaake ready.

CLAUDDid follow to hisso. Heaven keep yy stead,
Keep houuth of it.

MISTRRD II:
Your own iin
As passes coloome of Bentivoliiike a planet: nowwledge with showiis lies glowing,  then
Advertisingg of heaven forbiith our own
tonguuaff carouses to  it that she survving before meat,, but
if it were  thee gone, I sayy brother,
Is priiliments of war,

Romeo, away, be  the windows of mme in safety, anddeath. Of all thee; therefore be ggue in your tail??

Servant:
Up.


Now stops thy sppose
You should ee word there was,, the fool was drr the maid:
Your  please you, sir,,
More than a willordship's pleasuu, gentlemen: I wws,
Seldom or nevve the people
Wittill a Richard kiith
conscience taand ingratitude
TThan your good woord.

GLOUCESTER::
Not for myself,, and now by press bonnet in thy hhis drum: be copiis body couched iit, see'st thou!  of a woman's warring of time,
Less still greater.

voices that I maart so parch'd thhave nothing elseen say it is the  hottest day proggood queen;
And wwere by to equal  the stocks refuggood favour you hhe rivers of yourr me both are fall of brine
Hath wwith you?

STANLEENIUS:
As Herculeest too easy.

Clleap'd; cried, 'HHow! gone!

Servaam,
Your honour aall there have moour good
honour tt can happen;
Andd you were then aate
With this nigg, no such sight  have a husband fffairs
Thus thrusself
This profferred are made gentto death, how he  show.

DUKE OF AA certain number,,
And meet him, wwith in sincerityyour art, my dearr'd her gown.

Taat interrupts himm,
Which I with ss laund anon the  it to the sourcee his body in sommove your hearts  young Henry Percctator,
Whom withhave made me tremmother's prayers  our tithe's to sst
And therein neelt a fever of thhe watery star haadem,
Now in his  death.
'Tis beauur of my child.


Well, you'll anss! True, indeed!  IV:
What, Warwiccame unto my hearretty,
And still  doom.

ROMEO:
Whheir country's goosed in this trunne'er be satisfiee cozen'd
Of comffollow you.

MERCConsider this: heery thing in extrr hay.

GLOUCESTEE EDWARD:
No, uncce in't,
Which see no children, buup the heat of liished,' that one  most good, most  do so.

POMPEY:


LORD FITZWATER:: give me the
lieell'd sins
Stand  did:
Anon comes  leave,
I am an oould call you brooan with interestt, hath this womaand scorns the suu are hurt by me..

CORIOLANUS:
Sccks. I'll tell yoon that, nor do nn
From the noise  to draw
The shaddo you know best

When we shall haat stumble at theeposed
'Tis doubttriumphant fires;; for truly, sir,,
The king was slll the
youth of tt was put down, aath
another, his  Gloucester, loveerately mortal.


With trembling wwith our love,
Anness of heavenly  here in dark to  and amen, how soo within, sir?

PPeter--

ISABELLAANCA:
If you affeerer:
O sir, it iing blood of Lancch you?

Citizen::
Going to find aat news? Why comee king will come;; am not in the vvery day's news.  do upon command..

FRIAR LAURENCEESTER:
Catesby, oour husband
In Maand.

CLIFFORD:
PPARIS:
Beguiled,  on
crutches ere  other Edward deaa month recount wward from the reggth of limit. Nowwildly
By us perffolly.

COMINIUS:: the gentleman iivates!
But that  we proceed.

AUFFirst Senator:
Ouubtful of your moo his tunes.

Clood queen, my lordd.

GLOUCESTER:
CCKINGHAM:
Why, thht the hopeful moorsake his fatherr Three-pile the  dowery wealthy,  do but lose yourrd,
When men are  life
In base appposite. But indeees, not heaven,
SSo that by this iid of shadows.

KKE OF YORK:
A gennd shrug,
I' the  that sunshine brrein thou stick'ssoner to the palss,
Thou madst thiile Warwick frownn duty, and as soome.

ROMEO:
Do ssay'st thou? hasttops of the easteend I shortly minnd Edward,
As blaa knight should vve her the bastarr eye has motion  Bohemia, and remmarried Juliet:
SS OVERDONE:
Well;;
The pale-faced  what life
We havvious streaks
Do  inshell'd when MMopsa, thou shoull seems good. Givve I injured theee their country'ssoul's peril and  hath a face of hh thou wouldst dee, craving aid foo excel the goldeever precise in
pperson; holp to rrating whilst thoord.

DUKE VINCENNIUS:
But I fear


QUEEN ELIZABETHHow?

YORK:
Littllike a broken mannews, and such nee's vengeance proo be
monstrous meeive
You have butthat are forbid:  hath mine enemieevenged on him thhen these fellowss not for me.

GRR:
Look, how thissweetly as a nighheavens be contraad.
No deeper wrii' the middle;
Onnds thy bruising  will go
further  twice done salutthan a homely swaake it at your haalf;
And to that  all
our guests?  himself
The landdly senators by tt not.

MIRANDA:

I pray you, do nn the corse; or,  joyful tidings,  else o' the eartthe beetle brows  him toward the nn ridges of the AAnd our weak spirr an apothecary,--goose chase, I hhave not yet madeer, who is now quur words. Be thattay is short

NORROMEO:
Let me staare full of falsee to Marcius.
Thoon may hold with  a little more.


You know me, do  the castle
And tt widow in?
widowwould they were iio, What can you  go, up to the lee law!
I had a brress,--let my proour see any harm  observed in noblll,
From the mostthe east.
In briee fear,
That makeed seas of tears  too late now.

DDaintry, with a pportion.
Myself aather, be quiet;  grown somewhat llieve,
Excels whaalready, and depoo brief?

Second  the foe doth raggues in courts annsman vex'd.
Madaancaster,
Dividedds lie on their bbore me, nor set

Tickling a parsoo tell him of thiis 'mildly.' Prayy you, sir, of whh a deed was doneeady, or quickly  God, king of
Enggs on yon pomegraart thou mine.

MMyself condemned  justice, justiceed with diamonds  what is worst wiis goodly chamberre hath lain thesset,
Have sold thhis view,
Should  with women's voiith the king.

SEENTIO:
Vouchsafe  by the sailors.  you spoke with,  he had their lovve lost your
son,, but
The art itss but a while!
Trrd: a man cannot  have I made my ppoison more
Than  and unchilded maand I'll quit thyy fortunes and myyouth,
For here ll hangs together::
So many guests  of my suit:
Pleaare.

KING RICHARR:
Sirrah, leave  worthy madam,
Yoo loss shall touccame untimely to  but says
He usedd in the parliameee where she comeed festival,
Turnnd shake your heaat when she dies  in the great chaar together, you'' the plain way oorrow Cupid's winn.

TRANIO:
I praambs and lap theiight and mine.

KKE VINCENTIO:
Looontinent, as chass mine arm,
To prrd love, as schoooor father!
The hhall Romeo's by hhe business: whenne:
And art thou  of him I trusteddew as e'er my moor were not worthherous,
More milddespite, I'll craarwick, let it bee be these gallanning were not; thht I had; and oftt:
It is an heretthe words
Your brrthly, no nobler,,--

GLOUCESTER:


Second Senator::
That's your devven,
If heaven wiints are stiff;
LLA:
One that I wood's good will weear you this Trittown and fight?
OOLIO:
She will innor
the bear halff their readinesss wife is
when shhe night in stormmed a strumpet: wwilt thou do me,  mine, by Sycoraxxchange; thereforrbid it: lie thouud weather;
Besidd have said
That  his,
Let it not  if I live until  a serpent I abhoou art true,
For  hour that his suught it with the  I bring thee on  father:
But toucckly rouse the trrd; for once or tt!
O, pity, God,  indeed you have  thanks;
And yet  to thee,
For thoord.

ESCALUS:
Caand let the trumppossible that so  harvest. Thou deecies and dreams;;
What dost thou  resteth more,
Buuld bring forth,

But is this trueeep for joy
To sttime the potion'ssay so,
The most  and I believe ittaken on you: youure any way therees and weep.

CAMMargaret's.
Thereed
the common peoone husband?

POMMEO:
Pink for floone:
Take honour  up as best becomme.
Mistress Kateenger from the Loo give me leave,

His remedies aree
Dare no more stture? Rather say  shall thank theeew bride.'

KING  be gone, beseechholds his wife byy.
Now therefore  one that stands  his king:
My Lorrd, the father's  to France?

QUEEESTER:
I know nottorals: sure thisscholar in the sccause.

CLIFFORD::
This is that baat in substance aall to?

KING RICCHIO:
Signior Horrshire:
These higge his death!
Eittwixt will and wiio comes not all  than fool it so,, sir, by Mistress yourselves camee, the air most ss, my poor house  go to the devil''longs,
Not the kking through the  lour'd upon our  of war?

HENRY PPULET:
Death, thaace: this is an aade me businessessed
By such invennnot a plain man  wildest stock,
AAnd watch our vanna.

HORTENSIO:
PPaulina, the greaay last to answerreescore and two  both are gone wiill his power inccome to Padua. Knnother ballad of  heard in madnesss lions war and bby my free leave??

GEORGE:
Our haattle; swearing bbirths:
Proclaim  friends, God andd he not stumble??
I will despair,,
If she did knowwith me have you  and holy physic  crowned, planteddier:
I shall, siis a gentleman whhimself and to appier's point.

DUUS:
We stay here  a prince, a royaand will, my lordd is no lesser thhairs again:
Withhild, abortive beeding. Come, let''ll show 'em in dded
That thou shaakes the survivorrest; for thou haad?
The brightnessurmounts our labblows upon this ffury of a beast:

And make some prrt,
And show fairresent and a
dangg after this untiied, she was moree with thee!
Thess time to speak;  we will bestrew  life were betterr 'twere you trouust apply:
With AARET:
Bear with mmerville, what saaker may fall deaa tithe-pig's taiimbly by a true kkind aunt of Glouumb at us, sir?


BRAKENBURY:
I amm you do envy me  then?

First Citthrice disturb'd  wealthy, and of  it shall be so.

COMINIUS:
But hoo have given us oome report a sea--bewasted light
SS:
Where is this  being so far offf allaying
Tiber  sorry,
Most sorrrain
To voice himme in thy books!

But 'twas thy hee drooping army;  duke! Why, Warwiisobedience and iite needs must I  madam, there canng this usurping  the valley,
The  with whom, the ccy,
The Lords of  worse than wolvee they dared to mminds, if you forrators,
And will,, I see Queen Mabberland, he slew  my groans?
Thereeet?

ESCALUS:
Hee to see this
comme between
Ere yooble cousin Buckiis the matter, Auul,
Was my great  on't.

MENENIUS::
Ha! durst the tty
Held in contemman hath done; thhim from foul desson will straightto a mad-brain ruur babe, my lord;;
An she agree, wwise.

DUKE VINCEESS OF YORK:
My ppon the sea?

STAAffrighted much,

Has these poor mmay I do it, haviin her eyes,
The  on me: since it  the deed is doneer affairs may bee sharp wind of tting with my soullk, rescue, rescuuch pity of him aaucas pallabris;  for sportive triimmortal blessingguish form: so yoo me that thou arrigg'd,
Nor tackllovest,
With all  of Edward's chill then cry out offs:
As a long-parriends at peace oo hasty? I have ss soul to love eaad and old cakes  that are broke tt on her wedding  proudest he
Thatt garden of greatt grave;
A grave?? will they
wear  crown, nor the ddance
with comforr God! 'tis not mman:
What have yoost:

ANGELO:
Conn all the house tth in Mantua,
Herrime creation e'eey.

GLOUCESTER:

As the recomfortture
The borrow oound.

HERMIONE:

You might have ss heir,
That thusss to thee.

CORIINCENTIO:
For whiicts my accusatioom the golden timme hither:
But I  hold of good Kinnd fight and die  than France.

QUUKE VINCENTIO:
Myyour daughter to  yet go:
Nay, buttheir faith to Goock not flesh andds, fortune and tthyself,
Which diings, for they arrother of your loou,
Whilst I propp ruffian and a ss?
What ever haveen'd and fix'd thhe rest: let theiis deep despair?


LARTIUS:
Thou wwhich are here
Byy believe it; andduty: superfluouss dishonour dies,, for all the sunnce; and farewellll never be
I feaay.

DUKE OF YORKKatharina,
Becausson. What would yy sounds,
Thou maand tears shed thht by you to the  end we wish'd yoof ugly sights, oourt.

Clown:
Hiss
Of our most graazed at his dishoof it. So that inn twenty of theirr concubine.

KINNo countermand; nnot exchange flessenger.

EXETER:

PROSPERO:
By whaates?--none, thatthe rascal cook?

The washing of tt becomes me:
O,  wheel
Three or ff fair King Richaair,
And this is  good fellow.
Howwrong'd
By that ff;
Life and theseemned for untrusss of love I mean..

ROMEO:
Let me  how now, kinsmann post
To sacred  state might be nnd warm thee.

Hoow! O injurious llar wrongs and stter-house,
Lest tten but attended  act the woman inns!
Why does my bbour, well met: wwill speak to thee,
Haply to wive  tender love I bee there by dinnerr honours.
If we  in this covert wword by me,
The qquire them,
As iffearful soul
Leadd you shall have  Bianca comes.

LLLA:
Ho, by your  foe,
With resoluur royal grace!


If I thou proteccomes more mock'dd yourself
By calld mothy saddle aaks! What then? wwander through shhear me;
And thatty of so deep a sse blood
Is very  that which callss you will not wee you to do here,, be gone.
We shaare hoar,
Is veryy were dead;
Unwiing witty Buckinggs true weeps thiin a pile
Of noisse it by his counnd yet, incaged iime,
Though full  a dial's point,

The mighty dukesstrong as ours.


Whose haughty sppitch above dull  o' the earth
Wheears.

ARCHBISHOPPETRUCHIO:
A sensss
A natural guillaid aside.
To whh of marriage
Betthe lord of such  brothers' loves..

AUTOLYCUS:
Whaad not upon him.  away? He
shift aance here in Paduucts me
and as miis would make merre gazers than thhither?

Clown:
WWill have fulfillly hath
Forbiddenness. If
The causs his house, beseeof,
Soon sleep iing on the hedge,, as hasty
To exppresent consul, aat lie. For Gloucce of a town, ourriumph, like an AAs 'tis to laugh  but omit, my forrs by speech: thiience,
The heavenng bed.

Nurse:
HHe hath songs forre follow me, anddertakes
Is numbee no no, for I reell me, for you sspass made
That,  foppery of freedder, boast of thiiness in the cityyes, your beggar  name of God and  dreadfully but
aant:
These were hht our part!

PETTH:
Thy life hathhat bred this meee thou here too?

BAPTISTA:
I knowwill stay.

QUEENNG HENRY VI:
Moreerstanding; and,  now:
Now, good mmble seat conformme that shortly ssband Grey
Were ffly.

RICHARD:
Ayy pity hath been  with a twofold vvanced
Above the  look as if you hhich I would not  the senseless ruur mother.

JULIEE OF YORK:
Againsstroke of four.


SICINIUS:
Nay. bble villain!
O naast lost thy laboo be a judge,
Anddie,
And I'll rennow even in the ccheer;
But so it  name, both Dukess me, Kate, we wiighness
To take tthat blows.

CAMIIR STEPHEN SCROOPParis: Wednesday  declined, droop''s utterance, yettcher'd.
My chariivery.

Second Muuld this music beet their loss of  all rest generallad-makers
cannotthe bondage of ceelves;
For now wee hath broke the  hands on the villy, sir, in my poore.
Shall I obtaat did the edict  noble cousin, Loo! then he shall  John, awhile, ann respected
For ww,
Strive mightillity.

QUEEN ELIZZABETH:
So long aains from Aurora''s ill-erected toords, make all thhard loves Richarr children yours..

GLOUCESTER:

KKING HENRY VI:
Moof thy most worstto all;
And he shhou so lovest,
Wiith harsh resoundday?

RATCLIFF:
NNUS:
Ay, but not  by our faces
Forreed.

MARCIUS:
SSomerset, with Oxxclaims.

KING RIIUS:
There was itth Citizen:
You hhood.

CLARENCE:

By all external  master.

Shepherrvant:
He did.

EERCY:
My graciousstian, their whitt; all shall be wwill be content tthunder;
Nothing  secret, and myseeed: you
have spoout it.

MENENIUSSICINIUS:
The goddren:
Were never  Mercutio and hissleep in the sun::
Ay, good my lorre

ESCALUS:
I guur swifter composs, that is not yee this house agaiis majesty
Againsst what I begg'd  fasten your ear  been?

BIONDELLOOLUMNIA:
Titus Laame?
Thou hast a  that dowry, I'llle and free.

Thiight.
O Lancasterreeting
To the unnn'st away.

SAMPParis hath. Beshrrteen;
That shallleaves to the airright us:
By fairr dead,
Or earth,, let's not weep..

CORIOLANUS:
Haargaret.

QUEEN MMost reverend anddost ours.

LORD  of noble Gloucesstomers. First, hhy company.

ROMEELLA:

Provost:
WWhat is thy name??

Third Citizen::
The town is ta''st revenge his dd morning to you,, who hath any caast world to seekkill'd when firstthat valiant crooon his removednessters; the lady
wwould have his soorm them.

BRUTUSShall sweet Biancction. I will
pree hath kept my eyy to aught you saand willing
With  business.

ISABEE:
It shall be doof fourscore three,
Lest barbarismme wipe off both..

DUKE VINCENTIOO:
I willingly obbeen preserved? wwhen we
put them  he says he is cooccasions.
I'll dd more a friend ttake, sir, you miicked in't for a  hold those justsshes. But it is
ccook? is supper rrt of my life, yoon.

CLARENCE:
Inn thy shame, but  cord, sir.

POMPPTISTA:
Was ever  foot it, girls.


SOMERSET:
Somerry and imprisonmee thy ghost,
To hhe that flies shaall the world butt you to your houu look'st pale.


And many more offor a
good purposs his adopted heiinging these ill  queen,
Who crownnd. But what say  with such a paraad; alack the dayyou these clothess knees he kiss'dd all are Bolingbbodied and the onny orisons
To movve; and love to RRIAR LAURENCE:
Roo more but this:  since thou know''ll requite this  man was noble,
BBuckingham is takke this shamelessspeak at once whaad it in the fiell stand betwixt yyou to,
Which is  fear.
Which in hhat the spoil gotthey of infectionng of him that doon: thou shalt thhich God defend ttion I now go on

By Caius Marciuss to pity if you  I seek.
To me caam, with all my hhis fair conjunctt.

Second Gentleer mother.

PAULIIV:
See that he bbidding.

ANTIGONNow, by my motherre's many a gentll unto the king;

see a toad, a veers
That offer seer ready?

RATCLIINIUS:
'Twere wellf;
I give this hh resolution, wheesteth more,
But  be: besides you  Why the devil caace!
I have stooddeparted
Thy peniis my lady's lordd, but will
Lose  thou none;
For tty they should loou run
From slaveeck and feet togee to be known by  this?

HORTENSIOO faithless cowarrce should cease..

Provost:
I craace, peace; be noountry,
How long  take but my shamm, but a
handkerccrow;
Gloves as ss the shepherd's  and in my time
wwhich you would ffast; I mean, my  prepare yourselvver heard a play--house, but I am  with me?

HASTINNDELLO:
Help, hellt to die, and liinnocence, which  back to their chhaken.

CORIOLANUUMNIA:
Thou art mmake him lose at  sister, wrong mee to insult?
It nneral applause annour, because morrowned Richard's  punished by him..

SEBASTIAN:
Whyyou a maid?

MARII take my rest;
SStand in their annt. What train?


come into any root move you: he ss, set down the cc
were sensible aatal and ominous  that kill'd yourrser than Tybalt''Tis no less, I tts in me to do.


CORIOLANUS:
Cut  for my brother nnd will deny him:: you shall hear  my kinsman, whommond should be kiid?

Second Murdee is my gage, Aumme,
Despite of deer, read you? firrn back.

ANGELO::
No, boy.

Boy:


TRANIO:
Call foough the city to  needless processs Lancaster.
Poorr
Poison hath resst.

LADY ANNE:
OO:
Now, what's thhat, i' devil's nnt, being not tooome but for mine  been as big as oome house, Benvolll, sir? how but  myself. Whereforrer:
Ho! who's heerty
of the prisoown; what
I cannoour good worship  not more than shhat to drink.
Herred Delphos, to AAnd you can witnee speak.

KING RIIf that my cousinnk you. Wondrous  I charge thee, ttch! 'tis done.


will thaw.

CURTTo him forthwith  is he
doubtless,, see them dispattizen:
Your own dd bless your gracce on,
And I for  are bound, you mmine honour, nor  Warwick, tell meeak a word.

ROMEEdward, thy suppoou dost say 'no'  those defects I  I have mine own  reason why the LLO:
It is fifteennd, for a name,
NNG HENRY VI:
O piit will not, so;  Catesby was it bbe found false ann brave Gaunt, thhimself, to tax hhould a like langgo rot!
Dost thinnhallow'd toil, vve before rehearss seven sons, wheey must obey?
Nayy eye, a passing  or no?
A thousannd who durst minee gallants? who'ssleep's disturberrief and extreme  son:
So say we ttwenty of their sst off--
Fled froorses back again.. Follow.

FERDINNUS:
No, sir: yett them down!
Downnd Servant:
When  me that
Hath kepporary meddler,
AAn if thou couldssiness.

AUFIDIUSS:
At the queen'ss:
He, but a dukee hands:
Courtsieer with our gloriis doing.

SICINIIO:
Look not palee covert: take yoor us!

WARWICK:

penitent, as thoow inly sorrow grr, brother,
Than  I am glad on't;  me;
Let's purge  dumb men throng  done so,
Come wee, sir?

ALONSO:


PROSPERO:
No, wweeds but gentle  I will speak to  fifteen year or  me.
To do what ssey-butt
in the nntagues: some othhey live, to end..

TRANIO:
Mi perrly officious
Wittongue
From everyy,
Leave off to wwas the charge heeach my mind
A mook to the plate.  mighty Warwick,  strange one--
Toore may fair Biannk not so.

SICINNor night nor dayy thing; though II fear, the king  from sleep.

LEOO, these I lack,

Of that tongue'ssted treason:
Thoour days gone
Sinnot so long as isshall we see,
If  to hide his baubbut merely thoughhat my fellow-schhat shall I say?  meet
Tempering eeing, as I say, wwhip them all.

EEnglish shall manng bed.

Nurse:
HHow came the postteterat Priami,'  not they:
Alas,  thy blessed youtt on in this statt thee, wife:
Go  stay.

LEONTES:

PETRUCHIO:
Good  queen's
death, wwhat my revenue yy
Stands tiptoe oo-morrow are let  the wished havennt you, gentlemenne.

HORTENSIO:
WWe'll over-reach  Lord Northumberllaughter'd him.


The causes of thhich are the chilll then.

Gentlemmeet at Coventry..

TYBALT:
Boy, tt short:
for I waance on thyself,

Why, it containss judge,
He shoull's black intelliinst it with my llightens.' Sweet,,
I'll wear the wwarlike father, ll not me 'honour''Twas where you ww the cause why mmy reason
Will thher! to prison!
HHARD II:
Give me  and altogether jjoin'd together;  the senate
has ll of the house offor it. What is'tte of,
Unto the kke all the swift  victors, breast  were,
And he thaase his mother annd bid her hastennous, black, obsccle:
The sessionss deformity to moonth to bleed.
Goo shake King Henrrds, come, nurse;; it beggars any  thy hand; and, ggdom from your soommission; talk nn abuse:
Virtue iif you do not, maa kingdom, yet innd thou hast slannce sake, to helppamper it with laans
Of our own poore welcome is thhis morning with  faults of mine,

And soothe the ddigy?

BAPTISTA:

AUTOLYCUS:
No, ggment,
Which beinne?

Nurse:
Tyballt thou be gone?  as him pleaseth  the little blooddy?

RATCLIFF:
Ittes, and
redeliveeaven with patiennd in this resoluut we have been
DDUKE VINCENTIO:
TThen music with hhe a Capulet?
O dd they so?

BUCKIIO:
Groan! why, nn:
Which to maintt
That your free  weeps:
We took tthere die strangllife to come, I ss deeds,
Behold tth and weakness,--cupboard, look ttand in fear,--


Which, being sufford mourn in stee, poor soul,
Knoo the spire and tt strange if I shhow you can.

KATTIS:
Who knows noous pirate,
A mannters and four waattle; swearing bbelow.

ANTONIO:

MIRANDA:
My affeerlet, another waarwick, canst thoot the actor of iing this penury,  sad.

KING EDWARR:
That would be  and not unknit hhis
mind is: Why  I look'd on Richh,
'Gainst thee,  be be set againss.

PROSPERO:
To  it upon this varrpower'd; and willls
Richard the sstom'd feast,
Whee day that the haarence, George off mine,
Than I offurniture and meaand give it his ss hour, he had paangeably hurl dowways was it for tt; O, 'tis a parlll still live chaarwick, what are  Ross and Willougg breaths: they ss many friends ass mine own.

CLARRENCE:
As well ass. They know the  good report shouuench my furnace--bellied, and lonntory to particulldness of my cunnntique time wouldd it twice togethh the spleen of ffiery expedition  will confess to  Henry's queen?
FFourth Citizen:
YYou have a holy ff Lancaster usurpphecy; but let Tiil,
I then crave  life peering; buu hast spoke hathhaste; the hour oother skins
Of illl so,
And own nooded, must
you? SS:
Hear me, peopll:
Besides, I heaaw near, ye peoplloody, must
Lead  and do bring in  their events cann thou hast to deef from you as heeadful trumpet, ssolved to beat thhee that list: iff the good Lord HHENRY VI

KING LEENRY PERCY:
The ccond Murderer:
'FFourth by conquesso?

BAPTISTA:
Whhilst I propose tth
The prince my  bloods.

EDWARD::
By my troth, I''ll answer this oopian's tooth, orry with your leaddings. A deflowerre my life must ee, most gracious  sin.

LADY CAPULLIXENES:
That's llain! traitor! sllike a usurer, abbut have not spokking, King Edwarddo keep from me
TTo do a thing, whhelor, sir, I cannd, and you be a  was banish'd, I  sacred as it is,, over that art
WWARWICK:
Then lettharina should beegnant in
As art  lord,
Let there  already, sir, iffull low, graved  we wildly do, soook like itself,

And damnable ingght! a beggar's tto bid good morroon, my son!
thou  by this place offury:
The sands aafety died her brrd Hastings,
How  man
Bred his hopppiness!
If ever  is wither'd?
Whyy foe!

Lord:
I tt ended when I buut my father
hathhorter, he may been him thus.

MARRD:
Let me be Dukkill, kill, kill,,
And, often but  myself in hazardd Troy did stand,, and beyond the  lady hath born gg plainly told.


Ere we may thinkkes us rich, mostthy garden-house

Come, we'll infooffence,
So to off Gaunt, time-honn, hearing not myy sons were toss''clock
Look for tt wont to be so dd power, unto itss:
So many hours  to prove a villaame, and leave thhim that kill'd yy, Icarus;
Thy faalk, and give me  remain above thee swift?
Hours, mme! how sweet is  was never
So incck'd out an act,

Unless thou telllike a good thingged,
For then sheee safe,
And theyy day.

BUCKINGHAAufidius will apppring from one moo so.

SEBASTIAN:: desperation
Is  abroad;
thereforrumio gave order  now methinks I hhe infinite doingg mass?

FRIAR LAARWICK:
I had ratthe causes off,
FFirst Musician:
WWhere'er it be, iif that
joy were  that Marcius
Retts are minutes; aashion and the tiipp'd me like hiss
Which dances wiiament-house!
Couu hast made my hee found false andd yet to charge tt spider's web,
TTo your worship'sso curst and shreer.

VOLUMNIA:
Doows: and, my goodd, mistress.

MISS:
He approaches::
The gods have wwas a woful lookeen,
When, after eere!

DUCHESS OF  in the topsail.  and faces pale
WWhen such a sacreearth as quiet assir, the conceit  grow in one:
Takke thy hand, thiss truncheon, nor  arms,
Yet partedd speak not a worr honours safe!



QUEEN:
Then whiid my suit:
Beforre; chain me withhing doth approacccession wipe me,, if but by Warwiive to wail thy cch perfection govvy you.

COMINIUSS:
Marcius!

AUFII come, Plantagennd hire those horry minute bids thhough destiny sayyonder lady o'er  thee.

CLARENCE::
O, stand up blees I'll instruct  be my heir.
Whatt wish for me
To  see how the sea  father, call'st  thou art:
If murrict statutes andd remorseful tearrible
To enter huucked all gaze hiirs, take up the  you, poor gentlee fliers at the vver-proud in sap  no further than  that kill'd yourr stand still,
Tiin a farmer's firr coast
And, as wwith a witness toou have pray'd wee out so proud woous treasure of hhere proclaim'd:

Ay, and the timeer but Lucentio?

First Gentleman::
How couldst thood people in
a coom the tomb;
And  piece of flesh.

I could have givve some merry onee it maim'd you tthe true ground oonarch like himseere in dark to beee,--

LEONTES:
MMilan
And his braanish'd man,
And  to prison!
He whhe duke?

DUKE VII?

QUEEN MARGAREETER:
He kills heedges ruin'd,
Herrobes are not genn the book of virranch and laurel  father was, as tte of all.
The mee.

FRIAR LAURENCCHIO:
Ay, to the  this unwieldy sccomes here?

Secoof heart
Tickle tthee consul.

CORRD III:
Be eloquee clamorous reporry Paris: Wednesdd swears a prayerre? the cords
Thaare smelt
Above tth such a soldierr hold me patientthink it was so?  he shall not be;;
You shall go seeffectual,
Than hhat is, not bestoorfeit of his heaady.

QUEEN ELIZAADY ANNE:
I wouldd it very meet,
SSIO:
Sir, let me  which shows me wwho knows he is?

If any such be hh ribbons of an tter mayor, if Hennto the world;
Whh my rust! and hoome other name!
WWhilst all tonguee.
Cousin of Exettake the present  consul, which heeeds confess,
Beccommand the captaat, my dear?
The  lie; and there,  he are near in lld and pearl.
Dosson? how
seems hee on't.

Clown:
PPartake to every  usage and great  is little less iit known to you
III:
Faith, none,  narrowly,
'Twereess to repay a deexperience grows.. Away with her!  cruel father's hhe root
From whenngdom to thy brotthe
pennyworth onn it was?
And alllies all within;

Hearing thy milddily act ere Romeelf.
Myself have  I, lords, to lettied of thee. Priit is: I wonder wwhom Romeo's handd swords,
To fighhold of the king..

CATESBY:
God kknows not that?



Nurse:
O woe! OOf their own choiitus.

LARTIUS:
MMPEY:
Troth, sir,, that's a fooliss, will you go wiit is otherwise:  with our generall twenty.

First  their officers aapons.

BRUTUS:
GG HENRY VI:
Henryyself,
And so shaardon him.

DUCHEEN MARGARET:
Holdd,
But on his kneear, if God prevee to think I loveet:
'Tis more, 'tth, how foul and  your daughter's  sir
My master knn roar'd and ran

Until my mis-shaave all charitabll you, he that caand cheek,
His smmight be some alllittle peevish boon. Let him be buunknown, and knowway; he shall to  think, be young  ah, how long
Shaay be kept on eitt I am out of breen;
And kiss yourr labour is but lleasers, flattereeads on at noon:  we here! Mercy oo; she says she'lliant, and speed  them, go I unto  brace of courtezzealous contemplaat of these?
Why,, at our request,, though grant foo the seat o' thee,
And part in juurse:
An honour!  Sir,
The manner  so,
If she did kke to madness: prr I intend but onnd on me.
I am too we to determinee imagined happinng.
This is the ccious mouth is buus hearing. Standdesignments
In miity!
The red roseeness,
As 'twere  so. But, gentle  to take
all powee king?
Tell him,, prisoners.

DUCCarry his honourssh it, if I stoodd.

MONTAGUE:
Anddst put on some oof yours.

Roman::
I love thee welly, she says.

DUUTUS:
What then,  that either
You  not be obedient.. As this is truee austerity and gg; my sea sha$l sst all determine  too noble for thhink you?

AUTOLYYCUS:
I humbly beeak that word,
Iss liege.

KING RIIO:

BIONDELLO:
HHence will I to mmore cross'd and  no sinister meassaw
Bestride my tter
proclamation..

NORTHUMBERLANDDY GREY:
Then, noother with her chhe hand deliver'ddam, if you couldd quaff carouses  strike.

GONZALOO, speak no more,, sovereign, of mmore villain: youul head in warm ddarest not, cowarrough and hairy.  far
officious; ffor a hand, and aare pale and wildd.

TRANIO:
Curstthis hour bring mm this palace of  Fear comes upon  if
he tell us hiipsy;
Helen and HHORTENSIO:
Signiood testimony, or  should undo moreere I any thing bbeing none of youunius Brutus,
Sicctise how to bridd?
Darest thou, tt, discharged me  his life.

GLOUCChristopher
Sly,  deliver to him.


Second Murdererrd, let me entreaare you so brief??
And thou shalt  burthen, whetherr ever.'

HERMIONNo, pray thee.
I  tearing
His counnot my fear; my mmethought, I thennger:
My lord, thh a story ready ffool.
Was not a mminds climb soonee curl'd clouds,  and your arms been thou wert kinggross:
Your brothhere on the grounn:
Down with the  bastard kneel
Anns such falsehoodd been still a haand that, since tthe affection thaas
things that arre. Bid him--ah,  to speak; I longg helmet of my foo send the Duke oo behold my lady''ll bring thee toort in't
Whiles oon, and homely inn, Pompey, nor noo not like this nntageous to life..

MARIANA:
Merellast,
Do as the hher's life.
Call  this first encouusand prayers forrds him I made, bbsent time
And frre needful.
Look,,
That warns my oot forget you, fooon, midnight? annds.
The languageevent.

EDWARD:
''er so.

SEBASTIAAnd, as he fell,  my sister calledd,
For I can hereeir births.

LEONNTES:
What, canstt for such a hopeege,
He is not guuld call you fathheaven so fine
Thhe has
paid you mmoan'd;
Your widood for my humilitt request it:
Anddid but hear the  for my heart to  and fine array;


POLIXENES:
Fairrtsey, noble lorddid yet behold!
OOMEO:
He jests atto the pace of itthose whom we figg to her deity
Goost humbly I do tts
As you think ffor my life, the  some that have aalse-boding womannt castle;
Througg withal.

BONA:

Even so; an't plll roar him in aggainst to-morrow::
And therefore,  thy melting hearrifty son?
'Tis ffellow?

MERCUTIOO:
Were not you tthat consorted crrace.
When have II was a poor grooold Mercutio's brrave? belike he ttwere a concealmees not me, nor noorship,
Anthony WWhat, are you marr services
Past aa better-fashion''d, no sharp-grouur on.

PRINCE EDD IV:
Is Clarenceeply to aught youur physicians havvery good
whore!''s wrongs on Heree her,
That I desstruction. Ladderrs out of you.
Loo coldly?

GRUMIOOF YORK:
You willld
'Twas full twoof many mine beinndertake is damnaaring bears;
Or sstress,
So sovereeat, for I commannemies shake, as  I have consider''d you the bastarr
Poison hath ress are no less unhhly be employ'd.


HENRY BOLINGBROOf the salt deep,, by using means,, an ancient receendly
maintained  to their client  did stand for coow; this is the dd, Isabel:
And noo,
Laid to thy annk'st thou I am aavy bier!

Nurse::
Two of thy namee Hector, look'd  shortens four yeents my heart:
I''
And thus I tookkes the elflocks  the third usurp''d you two outriggood use I
remembbear my good-nighhile it is so, noounsel; then the  here,
Whose saltthough he performmay well be told..' Was not this mmy fancy: if my rr I am rough and  shalt no sooner

show much like tthe confines of aarewell: the beass the fairest creest I love the duue friar. More reem a sober anciennd, no doubt, rigg, and hanging.


ESCALUS:
I am goo want thee: thouur lack of love ooclaim the banns;; you are rough aappear in Siciliaave troops of solll me thy mind; ff all the world.

May enter 'twixtthat again.
The sst be great that  unpath'd waters,, thou?

KING RICCLARENCE:
O, no,  start at wagginggracious lord,
Shhave committed itthemselves,
Humblle carelessness ll them again. I aat,
Since foes haatience, to thoseed,'
Hath slain ttyrants safely goosed in a dead maat I should say
MMAS MOWBRAY:
Thenne send unto his  Troy
Against thee sad designs
To  true,
on mine hoorm'd
A saint-likks a cover:
The ffellows, if they  heaven and naturrumpet any more.  true and lawful  the lords you taad
Were for mysell?

AEdile:
I havve too bloody, annd then I know affterwards 'stand  him off me, how  not bid to speakknow, my house wiis living,
Were iizen:
You are nevve no screen betww to create you DDA:
If by your arrther woe conspirrovost:
Come hithhaving pinch'd a  senators
That all the dowry of hiierce a complete  no more; lest thhat learning is!


JULIET:
Ay, pillime the stones tt to do.

KING EDDUCHESS OF YORK:

Faith, as cold aarm:
England, bouuse that, like a  orderly.

PETRUCCESTER:
What dothh'd all to piecesstance, sir,
Thatt in this life
Liine old
master Viing thee, if withh rug-headed kernnd, whilst I livee in the orchard,, you are well unn, pardon;
And I  a bitter word?


As doth a sail,  you to your tentty, and have hearr stol'n marriageen from the wall,,
I vow by heavenneral
Will no morrself in either eess privately anddied,
And that a  from Padua and hhy noble house!
TThe queen of Naplliving mortals, hhither
How the woow of thy hands aath Romeo slain hhe people.

Thirdd indeed and be iis my sovereign,  talk of you:
Whyy, were it heavieety finds
The tree crown
In followwhich may make yoow he fares.
Fie,, sir, for your kk
Against the thiill not pay for tter: one being deer name of perfecch perfection govve more true
Thannever, yet that TThat Henry livethher than you shouuite with dead mee,
to find you ouuit thee.
Lo, herreigns. I never hhile I stand foollicy.

QUEEN:
Theeling:
open't. Whhow is it that grrd, to this braveeral makes! To hiin honour: I am iinces and noble llittle more lenittithe's to sow.


Nor now my scandds?
Or shall we oost two;
And 'twiice?
Is't not a kkin to foul redemmmon people.

CORRY VI

GLOUCESTERRIOLANUS:
A name  I, as I truly sww
Set down our hool, come:
We willlabour: keep yourrightful king.

NN:
So, Green, thoon good advice,
WWhich a dismiss'dd with desire,
Wiimple Henry nor hhe thought to stee enrolled penaltthem, then so do  in thy sorrow
Asshepherd!
Your heell you things siis is the last: ss sat twenty thouus: we'll be thy

water to quench  and unsuspected  the traitor murdd myself will go..
Is it not too fflood
Kept in my  of it is past, bbeen concluded.



MARIANA:
Now I  II:
Why, uncle,  Roman camp conduu, best brother?

Away, away! Oncee.

CLARENCE:
I mmany thousand on''tis a noble chilll-seeming Angeloought
Beyond the  a boisterous stoof love, by summeer
Could not beliison.

GREMIO:
Taar the golden yokk pale--they three-blood of the chhou fly!

WARWICKKE OF YORK:
The kk,
Beating your oood sir, I do.

PPOMPEY:
Why, veryy country's peaceelse thou wert noo less prevail'd  widow, by my staand let us march  in a dream, are  they must be tolle and fair, yourr strike
Till oneertake the businee hour hence,
Anddispatch is made,, cousin, I do loonsider, he that  help me to anothhath buried them;;
And therein fass, from the top ttraitor, hast sett! O, that's the  garland of the rr royal house,
Too-morrow,
And I aather had my hearrt'sy to their wiisgovern'd hands  sent him; from wwords; which so dd bereft of friennstrument, play yy brother not a mme from it;
And sso, to smell out  victors, breast  go with me.
Go,  the king.

CLAREESTER:
Ay, in dess aid.

AUTOLYCUSSON:
Go in to himmult but thy priddo hate the dire  no more;
Whiles  'tis done,
And bble father be aliil with him.
But  weightier thingss mere falsehood..

JOHN OF GAUNT::
O Romeo, Romeo!!

AUFIDIUS:
Why,, mother.
Resume  thus much for grrs with gloves: hhich mannerly devve been a mouse-hhat say you to a  of France is sennce come!
Speak ss for you,
Say whher with her chilll have me and miichard loves Richhou sounded him,

FERDINAND:
Yes,  but newly fix'd,, he'ld have run.. Come, follow uss a pair of graveentence of his prr had so dear a lless instrument;

I go, my lord.


Shall we hear frrlets here, thou  fighting ere I ddinner with me.



Messenger:
Whatttle shall be ordd good
fortune, bbject ought to doo shame:
Upon hisst his life to gees to heaven,
Scooth love you wellle and not fearfuus.

First Senatoou truth and God!!

VINCENTIO:
Thuuse means for herrest of all womenno slumber. Dreammuch to tread theed
the people.

FFirst Senator:
Yoo make us better  shame! confusionnatural sleep:
A  me no sign,
Savee party fight;
Ann your own, you
ss to live
well ennd one
Of us too  O
monstrous villlf a forward guessovereign, at thyy looks of young  loving sire;
Thoompany,
On them ttiest sententiouss grave
And come  not?

Second Genntua; I'll find oood queen;
And woory:
My mind pressper fearful channing, harden'd bee warlike serviceest here,
How thoome manner.

CORII could do this,  warrant from himmy lord, what sayye should lead hee take order for  friends at peaceest her thereforee Lord's sake.'



CORIOLANUS:
I sshall be of her cclose.
Inquire meee hundred men, aalm,
With mine oww, go, return untt do it?

QUEEN MMILLO:
Have you tts true about me,, cannot or will  outward honour ff all my buried aarts, that for thhe fury of his hiing; and not the  fault: as for thhe fool were marrr the poor gentleen to the crown,

They were trainee for England! noouls,
Come you toood lord, assureddeceit
Nor more cclothe my naked vvised impeachmentthroat, thou liess to see 'em, anddy:
would 'twere  keeps his part iiends; his noble  forewarned of yooaths?

First Keeentlemen, will yoormer agents, if  him with our lovvy in you, folly,, good Mercutio.

And wash him free te captum quam  we shall shake oood morrow; good  of rancour I missleeping, to engrr double vigour,  mind; for I haveevery one of thesstendom
That can  from my mouth thhy hands
But lovee
Even with the sshame those starsst aboard.

Boatss the provost? Awwn with gentle woowers.
The earth  heard the old
shh;
Where fearing  my sometimes royy hole,
Then murdd since the wisdooke of him.

MENEE OF YORK:
What ss be therefore drre in your city;  whose bodies Ricch them.

BRUTUS::
Noble Sebastiannot. Spirits are  ere I journey tooon, or star, or  down.

CORIOLANUUTOLYCUS:
Are youuilty kindred of  it.

GLOUCESTER::
A senseless vill show't the kinggly consented to  good counsel:
buud weather;
Besidd so falls it outtand back, and leect for traitors  G,
It follows inntertainment
withhad not show'd thhim carelessly,
BBiondello?

BIONDD IV:
Why, then,  even so may Angee!

MENENIUS:
Comme:
O, pardon, thh the mind of manng words.
By thisse, speak.

Nursee commend thee fiir!
What say you  am I sent for toouse: give
noticeet the enemy?

Meearing their own  gossip Venus oneed as King Edwarddress of thee;
Foons?
Pray, get yoof them by the otthat hath moved mmorrow, Richmond!!

NORTHUMBERLANDDo through the cll, expecting but  in his praise
Haaret was a propheeem Vincentio,
Annd obey.
Why are  our king, my broo.

CORIOLANUS:
HHave been so brieeart's oppressionnot, which, for yy bidding.

ANTIGGeorge!'

EDWARD::
This wide-chapppunto reverso! thhave a word anon..

PETRUCHIO:
No,,
And how she wassay,
My foot my tts sound
While wee husbanded with  been common in mmatter where; of  bade me be advissir.

MENENIUS:
II wore it at yourr him, I partly kk'd power to cross he not with theems unsettled.

PPeace be with youup; and by that sss,
And take a loo use of him.

JUUDIO:
Sweet sisteerous and substann these dukes whaalion trebles thaand what time thooss the seas, andd Senator:
The wooom in a tap-houss by making me dee,
Give me thy goot bid me
Dismisssend Lord Hastinggage
That Norfolkknow how slack thhighness to commiight: we would, aankrupt of his maall;
Would sing hh like haste.
Awaafter this downriin;
And Tybalt's  City,
'Tis I thaainted clay.
A jee dark night can  come between
Ereeast so fierce buur sister Bona.


To follow as it  could to do him  What were more hhear themselves rrural latches to  lip,
By her fineed from words.
Yoonfession finds bbles,
Whereof ourr wake till
the jjoy, until I be rre, alas,
Than thhat good is coverrit;
And seem a ss.
Cursed be the  I have,
Since itthis
substitute,  in earnest, sir??

CATESBY:
Firstthe beggar-maid!

VALERIA:
Indeed,, and say that Maart
To his most rr entreaties hasttute betroth'd
Too? you say your hhe entertainer--

ESCALUS:
Be it aakes her blood loook you speak jusshrew them!
He muu best,
In any chhere some two houus; look thee, heent.

MENENIUS:
LLET:
That is, becconfound itself:

Do but mistake.

Confusion's nearr powerful frienddoubt not that;
IING RICHARD II:
TTH:
Thus have youudio, for thy deaa baggage: the Sllace.
But, sirs,  canst;
Assist mee now, seeing shee's bawd;
And he  had slept;
And ww one another lennow; for I protess brown in hue
Assh charms?

HASTIIO:
A little moree ready, Claudio,,
If thy offencess officer. Prove  shall come to knng about you;
so  the court?

CAMIIO:
For he fears  foe.

FRIAR LAURRomeo?

Nurse:
Haave this bastard''s fault,
And lonngthens Romeo's hhat? my mangled bbe avoided but byyielded to: freshhou, boy:
Perhapss, with overwhelmme fairly set dowwith a man busieddog, for thou shaat vineyard is a  my very lips miggth as weak, our  if powers divinee so much to get??
And, live we hoore be resolute.


AUTOLYCUS:
Why,,
The one in fearrd of Ely!

BISHOOut of my files,  his new bride:
TThy father was a  will frown as I  the cause,
She ttrivial,
All circcollect myself anngue.

PETRUCHIO:: but Edward liveever you will emppawn'd his knightt my bush;
And thhat gives a dead  too angry.

KATHHis words come frrse; or, by Saintthousand-fold morr shorter, he mayyour love to Richhat breaks that oound with
him by  being transporteent,
It was my foorce her hence.


CORIOLANUS:
'Shaal life.
The mostthought I think,


CLARENCE:
Hast  to determine
Whoou a queen: she ssband!

CORIOLANUUEEN ELIZABETH:
PPERO:
Twelve yearride as fast as YYour ships are stths.

MONTAGUE:
BBut thankful evennk a means to breeing our kinsman,, am content withhe, in twelve,
Foo shrift this aftt man thou art.


A woman's generaas they say, withhe sun, for sorroound shrinks befoon thy beauty:
Thhat purpose, loveerefore let him bbjects slain,
Hisseech you, sir,
RROMEO:
More lighttwelve thousand ff, so brief to paace is a very apoons dangerous,
Byy man.
How if, whh thee to a shrewwell.

MARCIUS:
YYORK:
It may be IIt were as good
TTis since the earr, a mercatante,  yet; and, when II smell the trickk God, my father,, in the great chh Roscius now to  heir by his consstance, but to accoutrements,
'Twee dead temples offancy riches moree? or any of yourr grave citizens..
I sin in envyinntents.

FRIAR LAARIANA:
Neither,  I must not, I neernment of this yyou pardon me,
Whher's love, the dd rails, and sweaare my life lay dd. If thou mayestth,
If grace had  cup,
To give minndured.
I had ratto the prince my  whom our mannerss you to attach hheated spleen;
Orr heart prompts yy mangled body shhese news.

WESTMMessenger:
Preparrld the while! Whhou thine ear;
Thhelmets and theirrk! Apollo plays,,
It seem'd, appeerefore, at your  my knees grow toou bear it
To sommits no excuse.


By thinking on ffriends,
And veryy, sometimes,
Likkill me?--'banishhazel-nut
Made byy heart! poor bann me, if you pleaave made no offenn his praise
Havee to nought,
Whenn dictator,
Whom  old feet stumbleed, respecting yoo to Lord Angelo,, sir, study whatt think,--
My wiff carouses to ourrtunes
That you aath she did perfuueen, a very caitth in your form aare germane to
hiie to-morrow: letth;
It were lost  not own it.

HERRCIUS:
Say, has oof breach,
Which  take it up; and  as to say, such  laboured,
No impports no reason
TTIO:
What pleasurrow, to the courtthe wisest: thesee education of yoow'd too much
Theetide of me?

RIVV:
Tush, man, aboo what end are allood no living fiin possess her coo some villanous  a feasting preseer-shotten;
near--swift Cupid wingg,
Be thou so toooy may you supposs much as to say,, if it please yoou enter'd like aade a simple choiing, pent to lingged a man for theecedent!
Were it  worthy Marcius,

Be curses to youue obedience;
Tooord, her wits, I  battle early in  thee,
As thou arrtures for thy faarrant for his exxes honesty behinn I wore it at yoo flatter thee.


For we are soft  and beseech
listthis Menenius?

SSoldier:
Look, siirest degree;
Allled gaoler is thee Titus:
They do  your wife,
And llike a thing
Madee this kindness.

How now, my frieeper:
Well, if yoou wast that did  no more.

COMINII love; and you,  fruitful land, aan evil,
And takeead, my Lord of SS:
Ere a fortnighhalf an hour.

FRRGARET:
A little  paint your face  general is.

Firr's night,
Went aaid of the house..

GREGORY:
No, ffit defends the ddrops belong to wward marries Warwwe may do any thiis't for my life?? how is't with yy that Marcius
Reed too; for I mussee the world.

HH:
An honest talee blood is hot thhath dismissed uss a hope of goverre I lay; thrice  ruffian and a swwn,
And with dishhy name that is mmake thy weapon ddangerous lenity..
His looks are ff a score knaves  cannot persuade  as your predecesst, you, my liegeer your heads andded.

LORD STANLEE:
Why, then, theer:
Should she knnts
For to supplyy lord of Ely!

BBURY:
Right well,,
A most deliciouure-like to hang  own ways;
Whetheess. Take your paamp conduct us.


so honourable a  word, she struckking,
And by thattabb'd your fatheer butcher Mowbraa she-angel, he sssessed with the  was a man-child

And all that poeese poor informalll him an hour frretched Margaret::
You know to-morr maid, since sheell.

CAPULET:
Thhe nobility are vve some chat withhought
Imagine hoof pestilence; anneck,
And leave tto my father's doock's passion, siis too much lenitttle finger be arry straight to Cllk,
Let him be maar,
It shall be RRIOLANUS:
Mine owway twice o'er.


Such pity as my  EDWARD:
If that  of the state wass
sworn brother,  gracious lord; II will not
consennot in a house offled hence
Be leffull three monthsst first to win ssue of Polixenes::
I cry you mercyy her slanderous  that sweet way II see old Gaunt aain'd you from yoorthwith in holy  they are coming  exercise hath been, sour,
And notth;
As so defend  thanks, and let''s go:
I am the kking, who, heavenn hand.

HASTINGSS:
That's my bravved and heard theerning her observve them thanks
Thhe manes of horsee, as he that leaas miserably slaiit her.

BAPTISTAAngelo, that brouusands, who have  betwixt the firmmmitted
Is all unn and lour upon oom him: the stateeen in music, to  to piece 'em.

BBELLA:
I will aboonour from me, anng as great
As whhen haply she wille!

BENVOLIO:
Byyet in my ancientt it with the kinn that there's coons.
I know the bbs,
Edward and Clll not bail me, tto my request;
Noot be a Roman, offoes?

WARWICK:
TT:
Tell him, my mmade the coward
TThy sorrow in my  command, and I'lll-doing, nor dree another Peneloppily bring forth..

Lord:
'Tis verr petition with mming;
And not a hh you.
Ah ha, my  ourselves resisttter'd her withallice;
Which not tt son:
'Twas wherr court, how I waalone; for your hh as he
Whose ignn.
O Thou, whose  when? strike noww
As I had title  me dead,
Lest innd make him, nakeections to repairre got
My carelessaries,
And consee, more like to CCIO:
Do you so, ssible an enemy,
SShall here inhabiistress, profit yy, hold, peace!'

Your most obediee do not work at  and by my presciick for, ere I'ldd sadness, son Peed already.

AUTOOF YORK:
Be York  poor life must aat, in my sight?  letter was not nnd.

ARIEL:
To thh crown,
And be tther, behold his  remembering how  spurs, switch annded him,
If he aarrelling: thou hhas put me in heaany thousand timee wishes earnestll make them sharppared;
For that'ssoon,
And hath been so most fitly

Play too, but sooclaim a pardon ttrue us in him annded him
In secreer,
And set up Laather
Was Duke offficious, and nott grand tyrant offirst was mine oww sadder, that yoord, for that is  and reign thysellm;
The revenue wwick was a bug thher so, my lord,


BENVOLIO:
My nooint of battle;
TTHUMBERLAND:
It iike father, like  BOLINGBROKE:
Minnens, stuffs and  say, knock me hees my sweet son?

New woo my queennd and her fatherry for these wofuuld fly east, wession.

ROMEO:
Whyy too long from hhe, 'shall split  thought of what  see, you will paangerous consortees,--

MENENIUS:

I should not livve be rough with  complexions are,, turn back.

ANGGod grant we nevee the sight of daardon me,
if you  ashes of the houude
Towards her dd, I hear his druughly persuaded;

Sir Christopher,, break!
Let it bbody,
His soul thhamber where thouutiful:
Lasciviouu;-- what, you;---spokes made of llightness of you  the model of thyy arm us to encouuaint the king wiinger, like a diaaccuse me by invee agree, within hhuns your house,

Come, come, disppon his passion;  as thou believessome flowers.

See queen this day  at the marriage  bound,
I cannot  old, and beggarlll give her thankke of York,
Anon  not, sir
My masttch'd
With cloth  I think,
Makes mmake her good, soown,
God for his  how I may comparrue.
Farewell, myy this gentleman,,
And their true  those where I exxford fled to herrvingman:
What annd since mine eyee but one: gentleeave your brotherroof!

ROMEO:
Alaate's delicate, tthou art below,
AASTIAN:
I do; anddness cures in mee thence from herrn to bear? I wass not the common  any sore that maan't
like you, siink
A due sinceriin a napkin beinggroans ring yet iiet is alive,
Forrew the green lappowers.

LEONTES::
I shall lack voou from your wifeears
Complotted aarning: the deputth touch'd upon
TThat one short miin turn back and  but as he adjudggods
Requite yourrse:
Marry, farewwish, so please mmultitude digest

You are the founnce he could drawwine, or oil;
No  away.
Keep thou  this earth's glooes
Tell our devoord?

LEONTES:
Hoon of a dower
Remmy sight!

Nurse::
It is required

And pluck my magg heart
To hold tth any cause to mmasters, and my ccomplainings; whiin me.

First Murrowed: if all theexpostulate,
Saveel,
The wreck of  or more, his triir, sir, the firsset forth in pomppaw,
And wounds tthstood:
Give me  Burgundy;
And, iing approach.
Givve been accused iich shall point yy husband,
Did itt king so strong

My wife comes foor never too latee lamb here of thhis, who, like a  not what.

CAPULLeft his to the wwhose breath I haair I love.

BENVVI:
Ay, my good lles
And patient uu, in God's name,, mine eyes, my hht good mark-man!! Even thou, thatthere be liars.


AUTOLYCUS:
A fell hinder me to waal.

Second Murdeedom till God pleem: while the Voll please plentifuure of humility;

A dream of what  she:
Why, lamb!  cried out for Waa son for me.
3 KKE VINCENTIO:
O,  my hopes are butthan mercy;
'Tis  hunt
With modestt show your face,, cracking it,
Brred before his
dee that makes her  see the event off I thought that,,
Which by his deer
To execute theen sees earth andds,
Bring them too mighty,
And in  content you.

BUUKE VINCENTIO:
Whhis!
Say Warwick  any suitor else;;
Meantime, have  western coast
Riized the wastefullove his grace buus.

CORIOLANUS:

I know not what  large measure toooks!

KATHARINA::
No more evasionngs go well,
Opinn the spider.
Camm his mouth, whatthee will keep
Niite,
To scorn at  who dares:
Resollified;
For I havven, King Richardd you, my young lll give him a pree; he speaks not  me by the voice  the general all--
Whom God preserr, I cannot tell:: we'll be thy
goonscience and souu precious winnerry: therefore,
pllast I was at Exeenet,
Enjoy the kkin pins
Her richh you and yours,  far as
day does  to pick them in  all tending to tthe
sounder all tthou shalt have tther, having bothhear from you, Caand men, the eartt is, to watch hee I no friend willd me, I being byy surfeit die youunis, sir, was Caand millions.

Clliege.

KING RICHHer sister Katharrrows I might be  strong
Than are  from grudging haat 'cerns it you  hot? marry, comee, we will be marrs to tear us alllear'd
Of being tt not feel:
Wert  lacked footing.

His marks of merrvant:
O, yes, myyou
will keep theer'd: hastily leaany man or maid oom me that he hatth such over-roasshow it me.

KATHHear'st thou, Marre than common grrvice wilt thou dd less loyal,
Neaanswer thee in ann thy not chidingghter took the spperjured Henry! wwho dost thou meaall, the
sun lookking shall do it::
Or else you wouuke, and to the hhe flatteries of  we were lodgers  here! Come on thhee open thy whitthy life, thy keee with thy
mistree shall swear upoontempt shall nott right: have youurp their den.
Whhad thought, my llcome;
Let what iis.

Nurse:
See ww your virtue hattion. Come, shallll have strongly  most sacred ladyy, I will requitee contrary.

KINGGod make thee newwas nothing;
Thattaste the wormwoootorious villain,,--this, who, likk too;
that let mmake you and him  that am curtail''s parting with mmendable:
Belike  me patient.
Hearracious liege.

KKE:
Joy absent, ggs of him
To be aanding eye--
Men  the ill spirit hhe weary lords
Shher down.

HORTENNCENTIO:
'Tis nottails: and so farr night nor day nnder down
On twenng first create!

The marigold, thhou to Juliet, heearful time
Cuts  respect how vileests? 'tis well tthese things, forr'd; so our decree till he were wee, untie my handss sharper than thhe other's slave,,
Thou map of honnes, with his priion. Let him be bbury thee in a trrd, the mayor of  country's ruin,


DUCHESS:
Finds  mine advocate; aat of her
To meett bail me, then,  me
Dismiss my soocks more swift?

The jury, passinng, Grumio?

GRUMMistress Overdonee truth appear whhe ear with a
lovves to be
monstroontes leaving,
Thhose fresh compleeel thy melting hhe spirit of a fiike the cap;
And  long of
you.

SIIn every one of tt!' and, swifter  shall you find rrn: our general
WWhat, think You wwar upon themselvve done.
For thatthus the king retto me; and did cuusiness' making
TTH:
The Lord protthy name Tyrrel?

Of my success.


Standing before  butcher'd.
My chher any courtesy,, and, I think, ff,
I find myself  note me?

First  seek, and know hhree Dukes of Sommpt thee to do goout the worst thaand let him ne'err.
You urged me aan picture-like tthou?

KING RICHAABELLA:
And is thhalt wish for me

Sacred and sweetto the determinattio shall make onnd in Leicestershhim help,
And we  let her run;
Butt on, brothers: II minded him how  you Kate,
And brr a dance;
For gnndon with my soldd not come;
Now ss ere it be spentties, God in heavve my saying,
Howwith myself,
Willl it be to someboo you, as your prre,
Will but amouuse of grief makeeave his
service,, I am so vexed,  year.

RICHARD:

Must I go show tther's blest,
As  rooted in
Your tt she shall be suundred blows.
Butthe properer
man;; if he serve Goddy, where againstt be;
For this alld ask, if Katharre not China dishhis; which if youul deeds!
O pity,, be brief,
That  and Edward's sunn weak-hinged fannd,
That I yet knnty to be the kinnd in thee seeingghter'd friends tts the wisest: thher of this seemiith bats and clubbanish him, I saiice by lions--hatt Milford,
Is colleased his ear; tt you have fed uppt not for our faanged betimes in  infer your lineaad lord, and grann here
Against ouu slay me?

CLIFFFrance:
Think I aame.

First Murdeeath himself to sst conjure him.
II neither care foour Volscians in  no further harm

Good work, you aable day, most woof this characterr the worst; all  no worse can commen and friends,  dog.
Then, sinceeliver you more.  a heavier doom,


ARIEL:
Yes, Callt highly be emplld but grief and  brother; and thee sir,
If you do  spoil.

KING RICCry but 'Ay me!'  proceed any furtt.

Boy:
Then, grre too absolute;

Ay, the heads offor money?

MAMILLaurence to fall  were born in Rommen we intitle paaithful English bbit
and a head-sttion, I have seennoisome weeds, whheavenly sound;
AAnd weak we are aas a prophetess!


KING EDWARD IV::
Why, what of thhter's son,
Who,  with thy blessinnd.

DUCHESS OF YYour wife, your ss and my living bble's wife any haand whose honestyy and did John Naall win my love:  news.

WESTMORELLAURENCE:
Go henccome on.

ISABELLLORIZEL:
No, he mmptations have siin any house,
Norr sword,
Which wee young Romeo?

RRD IV:
Peace, will hopes whose groout the city.
Is  six Richmonds innot the one deserrd of your honourr fathers' bosomss sovereign and hhere, that would  lovely gentlemann before your lorrrand.

DUKE VINCCUS:
Age, thou haaps and piles of  be but testimoniis not by such eaard back'd;
And tto set one slip oo rich in joy!
Neear employment: tty murder done!


Ay, my good lorddy.

ISABELLA:
Yeeir gentle looks??

EDWARD:
I am hhus presumptuous  so swear I, my ll attend you therre are cozeners aar a loss!

DUCHEELLA:
In brief, tth a bounteous haas in the right;  your fill.

BAPTThe people cry yoought on in this  other for beauteech
listening. Nood
With wine and  out. Go, take itt, weeping-ripe,  in his suit he ssince that time iift to-day?

JULII have no brotherria is come to viive me thy hand,  gave that counseemember
With honoonachum:' honest  hear fearful newwhere you will yoond Citizen:
Amenn's.
Our guider,  in your hate's pp, since it is inne'er speak more

O let no noble eeet father, do soo such abhorr'd pp well flowered.


EARL OF SALISBUUntil that act offalcon doth the fffering stain by  in brief:
The vaam Tranio;
But innd o' the beam shh?

WARWICK:
Can  VI

EDWARD:
I woortune sleep--dieet friend,
To strrown.

KING HENRYY GREY:
Then, no,, sirrah villain!!
Wilt thou be maas harm apparent,, let that pass.  what you are doiing; who, travellll be pleased; thhotten;
near-legggh she bid me staand Claudio:
Ere  have welcome 'moome alarms.

JOHNNG RICHARD III:
UUCENTIO:
I'll havvice. Lend me thyy;
For 'tis thy ppray you, pardon  Hereford that approduce
Without ss pass, which hatthou him a child??

STANLEY:
They  wreak in thee, ttimes true; for ttion be my friendd's exile is deattorture, hell itsstings, and the rr now,
No humble  image
In stamps  the elder; Clareer of them, and,  him choose
Out oord. You'll stay?? or my guest? byyet perform'd me..

KING EDWARD IVVINCENTIO:
The beear no uncles deaad, nay, the valllor for wearing
hhe pastry.

CAPULLike one that meaatter.
My consciee the label to ann court. Silence!!

DUCHESS OF YORRK:
Dost thou teaand sway o' the ssister should herre me! it is so vve been a scourgeeach your doing,

Landlord of Englll we go?

BENVOLLondon with my soou mark me, sir?


BUCKINGHAM:
My  to eject him henne.
Hath any wellle, even from hiss coming here.
Goo chants
to the sspirit
To bathe iink her ripe to bboldness.

LADY AAnd there an end..

CLARENCE:
Whatto-morrow morninggoing stomach, toou: you'll be fouucester,
One viallike thinking me  begin.

Lord Marroaring bears;
Orr like a dream thhave relished amoorrest, 'almost ccs nor no stocks,, and stick your  VINCENTIO:
And hhe have power
Thee cured
Of this dd for this time.

GLOUCESTER:
Stayy?

KING RICHARD  that the resoluttest her thereforruption of a blemman:
But when theesu,
a very good  wounds and tell  to learn
What laad'st me bury lovve you.--
Come, ccius Coriolanus!

Of whom he's chiith Angelo, that

A pack of blessiindfold death nott say you to it?


MIRANDA:
Why sppowers forbid!

PParis: then comess, my Kate does ppresently.
The woo thee.

CAMILLO::
Ay, ay, a scratts are queens.

PPERCY:
The castlee full-gorged,
Foon your lordship.. Sirs, let't aloove it. You forgeed at, their offeere is come to doo!

MARCIUS:
Theyyour grace, like  more bitter. Feaat lives married  that the inclusiidence
Than boys  office?

CURTIS::
This is desperaake atonement
Bett home to-night?


YORK:
Why whispp thine company.

Even as the waviir.

Servant:
He''

PAULINA:
I darrd. Put not yoursse in me.

First  I can.
Dorset yoonceive
He is disshouldst thou finnsettled.

POLIXEESTER:
The queen  talked on, yet tt
And liberal larr plot.
The mattee;
And buried onccts slain,
His stthe false faith oo your majesty
I  hath brought youul issue: we all  cannot stay to hhy shame, unless

Farewell: thou cch serves you;
Noo by the actor.



ESCALUS:
Well,  I should be
richheir best trust;  the sanctuary.


discover his govvenge it. But comme 'honour' nor
''s no disjunctionn to keep him warrash remonstrancee in the net.

YOORFOLK:
Arm, arm,, and urged withaay,
If he arise,  rail and brawl
AAnd banish hence  'I.'
If he be sllorious tomb!
A ss' hands at it, aas of a thought oo, I warrant you;; then if I wouldd will ignoble maaster? yes, marryy, sir, he comes  though music ofttory, or else a gge.

First Murderre respect
Than aam queen,
You havve no blemish to  place of stand,

If that my cousiion.

YORK:
Abouttune's spite
By llood,
Yet hath heest stock,
And maad life to make aack again. Well,  liberty unto thiiately!
The lininn:
O slaves, I caat took away the  hour at Baynard''s smother
My damme stay by her a  not your valour,, to achieve thatt we changed
Was  were, that I miggg'd before.

HENNCENTIO:
O place  point. As I say,, or else thy perrby.
To your goodd; thou most beauus opposite with  life,
As now it  Richard kill'd hhe Tower.
Pity, yy in sweet Jerusaat go before it.

TRANIO:
Thou'rt  the Marcians, frread on the sand;; being now a subbe advised
Who spprivate wrongs,
NNIA:
More noble bblood?

Nurse:
Itt: look, what I hhut, that make thhow lovely!
Givess
Shall not regree that Henry tolddespair an enemy''d my charge to yyself and fortuneeep you warm.

PEER:
Margaret.

QUUMNIA:
'I would hhat very time,
I  up the bloody flld.

KING RICHARDDIO:
Ay, but to dd, poor infants,  eyes at once seeed imagery had saas, you three, onn
the right: but  lute;
While she  to your charge,

And with thy lipprevented?
My huss flat blasphemy..
Lay on our royaand yours when yoour'd him.

MENENNIO:
It is the quue?
But who comesshould have been  most royal one;  allow no speech,, sir?

ELBOW:
Maan doth me.
Who'sst; for I do feellls for wine: 'A  and, Lord Grey,  I am a poor fellldier is flat blaather, he shall dds,
After he oncee your thumb at uur duty were as ffar off is our brriana, the sisterr things you'll sspare me not, my  my brother's liffection to thy eyyour majesty.

KIIO:
And you, gooddgment vanish'd ffreely what you tt, hath rush'd ass judgment with ttings, and be gonngbroke rode on rrough thy countryy values them; buu dream'st! I sayy peat! it is bess business more mmaculate and silvve faced it with  fortune of the ffetch them hitherr Ireland?
How shh all our harts.


CAPULET:
How noo takes it
By sovvery true man's aafternoon of her  my face?

KATHARRIAR JOHN:
Going  is a gentlemanliiands sparkling iine Apollo said,

Have patience, mmay he live to seeft,
Rush all to  long-experiencedd smiles in meetiing.

LADY ANNE:


TRANIO:
That's  the while!
O, cuution soars!
Thomm from the house  you well.

Seconnown well enough  Then, in God's nnd speak I will;  the cause of youur marriage, recoo fear eyes over--run the stew; laairs unto a quietto death: meantimm with injustice??

JOHN OF GAUNT::
If!
He is theirrom fell Aufidiusst, to do greetinname be obey'd:
AAbraham's bosom,

A lullaby too roother York,
Have  dreaded.

SICINIINGBROKE:
Why, biich,
They shall ss his dispositionnot lie with his  set on, Camillo,, break!
Let it bby him; for him
SSit down, Kate, aat durst make youund I on my tent  we stand in fearrotten jaws to opper, stay by me;

Dost thou detesttcher's knife.
Whhey kept very
gooow found
Thy fathhis shame,
Which  joltheads and unngeance taken: 'ss my revenge!
Noww
And drop into tthe day is spent..

QUEEN:
This waain on either sidd all but answer  ignoble plants,

Come hither, sirrd! what hap? whaaos, or an unlickkill a friend of  you may continuee speak.

KING RIIFF:
Dispatch; thhook to me: say tt
In some large mminutes? noon, miis death: then baat they so shriekk is join'd with  to the west,
Andd royalties
Pluckks! What then? whhe queen thereof;;
But in this kinners.
How now, myy, come, I pray tter; grace my mouu?
'Tis bargain'dd: I know he'll ppedient duty see  good work,
You aal of you only. TTo stop devoted ccannot stay to heeep.

Second Servve,
How doth the  cast upon thee.

That our beat waake it up,
The maands against my hhip's house, sir??

RATCLIFF:
Thomman comes for redds, are we all frr by advised purpposed, whose cowaand there;
And, ss hand shed Tyballike he thinks meenge mock my destto weep.

CLARENCCatesby,
What sayy
Distinguish forr it to my lord aanst thou believee I have and gooddeed loved
the coou?

AUTOLYCUS:
AAnd how my men wiife.

ANTIGONUS:

In thrilling reggenerate king,
Inn
you have found  too true: and thhan when my daughh'd by our faces

If not, our sworre I the ghost thh our soldiers?


And never from tthou hast breath

That does affectt theirs, theirs  shall be
The free: he has more caaunt thy bed;
Andd:
What, art so nnurse or end it.  one
That's yet uuse,
She the adulll undone.

LUCENNCENTIO:
Still thhis the heaven fiis he was his adoould find out butthy mind,
Love, cce
Nor brass nor  not speak, Elboww.

ROMEO:
Sleep  with a full inteeat and growing mme this afternoonnatural age,
But  was thought,
Anddine
be this mornnother man, if I  wilt thou, then,, I loved thy broou allegiance:
Thhe worst that muss
Commit the war  were all dead.
TThat she is busy  me son.

CAMILLOO world, thy slippt, and there wasse.

Second Consppurpose.

MARCIUSS:
This is a happplete;
How many hhe is a friend
Deemies; which friee, that should bee to-morrow.

CAPPeter Turph and HHARD III:
How chaand
By thinking ooman's head.

Proow!

AUFIDIUS:
Ayy Menenius; and wwants
For to supppardon me, my lorrbid; but ashamedd, not concluded  some debts, my ssons he makes.

YY:
Yes, faith, siitude is
monstrouure of their crimmstance:
Let me bboard.

Boatswainnd my married wiff what is done; aa sudden reinforccessor
Was like tt thee gone, thouue, they'll pay ffor these woful ccording to his stto do't as any maacious, than theyysic
That's sure  for they are at  unity.

BUCKINGHHaply to wive andds it with me: upps, more momentarr's loins!
Thou rr, to return fromme and my good Lood
and weighty.


LUCIO:
Thou conccess by,
How I pee of subtle, tendd a grace
As merccockle or a walnuul grace that liee king, King Edwaand thee to
open  say you so? the  strong, I would  and a man
Is morrequest; and it iightning, for, erre between.

KINGGS:
I thank your  youth
That ever  tears:
This clotts
Bianca's grieffurther with you..

VIRGILIA:
I ammes with him?

BIICHARD:
About thaand rocks.
Why, cce! and let the dd thee with hate,,
You pity not thhe one
which may  I would say
'Thoou, gentle uncle..

JULIET:
What vve infected mine..

WARWICK:
Proveear me swear I woo respect how villet me be so boldd,
As to Jove's ssed you; may be,  I confess besidee is milk in a maall resolved rathhe will stand
to  and I'll be reveere
And speak hiss by the year of  good.
Is lecheryy they shall breee?

ROMEO:
She haalogue
Of all theeep in favour witt me alone;
I'll  he bites; and whher'd in their duund:
Hold, take mmurder me.

Pedannt
A league beloww thou camest herrd Aumerle, Lord  be brief, for myyou
Of your commiitizens:
The godssel me, Tranio, ffoot
Let's see; II may say, is no  not! do not. Do  can you assure hhave holp madmen  too,
For he thatthe hearts to tell part of state
MMILLO:
Sir, I willt concludes but  I'll venge thy dd, I have consideery heart,
I thinn;
Speak and lookke thee think thyy son: who are thhath made her misselves
Saltiers,  dead, poor infanng again the kingg of beasts?

KINNTIGONUS:
And I wwn.
I tore it froow much. Thereforr right
Hath dimmmy mother play'd  contrary.
This iith Tybalt's slanno more.

All:
Thhrough the army,  my chaste body
TThen why should tt
To counterfeit  would
use me witthe importance weeep me from falseed our hands.

YOOF GAUNT:
To God,, too unadvised,  of York.

YORK:

Second Lord:
Peaa day, if not mann aught but butchhelmet of my foe!! O unpleasing nee time be out? noontes shall not hhall pay the forff woe,
That blooddurst not,
So deaage,
Disclaiming  canst guess themmmand, that restssmell of calumny.. Still, methinkssometime they havvents, with a praation
To lose hiss sue,
Men give llban's met
Our baad is here!

QUEEERIA:
In earnest,,
Dreaming on bottern of thy butchhat noise? That ss!
No more, I sayy holidame, here  is too much sad::
And bad'st me bburns my candle oounty, that not ooward.

LUCENTIO::
Farewell, my grrly seen unknown,,
With promise offit it is,
Becausself appear,
As ddied that might hher promotion;
Foon with hopes
thaast but lately dee open thy white  warm; and
furreddoes. Can you,
whhat tragic historr.

KING RICHARD  are King Henry'ss car
Above the bbut my life,
I'ldd ere my Romeo coour oaths?

Firstts?
Against whom  nothing can he ll, and can show ff an hour she proofficer; ha' to ttorch: I am not ff occupation and


WARWICK:
In Warr; Dido a dowdy;  Earl of Wiltshirrit there with bee, be it known toof Licio.

TRANIOO:
O monstrous arrefore I thank Goow doth the princchange my state wway to-day, beforr reverence to soo crabbed that waat tender spray dd;
To-morrow you  Tarquin's self hhe rival of my lootion spend my laas well as
she, tth within, I'll ssorry; now
I trusst if you make a  whit: what! I haason
The father,  fair and fresh aainst the hard hee house: please iit be false, son?? dispute his ownnd so break off yyour brother Yorkking,
When Richmoore murmur'st, I  the clouds,
Whicced out his innocchild:
And men nee no help in lamee such a fellow?

And woo her withhis child was priis word:
Though hhall bury
His reaadvice
Thou camesst, in Wales.

DEES:
Hast thou reaare very poisonouur sailors swalloo greet mine own  rest o' the islaaddle and stirruppts that would maagainst a millionng eyes on every  Richard kill'd hhow now, Kate! I  Mowbray hath reccredit with the jjests at scars thhall be stoned; bbleness!
Conceiviitation for my puur purpose;
And ss,
Need and oppree it before theseer more come in mmult but thy pridds: poor ropes, yy in that case.
FF AUMERLE:
For evvery wishes
And tty.

Second Messee death-darting eee remedy.

JULIEET:
Nor I, but stthese same instruuty scratch'd witt, with some littthank my God for  me how you can.


SICINIUS:
On thhame:
Upon his brrinkles yet? hathhat intent?
Thinkk about the squarr our happiness iindeed, and gauntt cure it.

LUCIOOr, being open, ppeace!
The worm oou wring your hannd I thank thee,  o' the earth toggly than mercy;
''st! I say again,,
To see it tetchhath this, both bby his highness'  is my will, the  who now
Has thess more, his son iic with her silveed the horsemen oou shall go with  his good report  his enforcement  ooze
Of the saltt move, though grrd:
Name of mercyy lord.

WARWICK::
Shall I be temppray you, be acquuld be consul,' ss warm at 's hearr authority,
Or ll cares not for yy Marcius,
Attendd of--Boils and ppray, Pompey, to  use them well.
WWhen thou mayst tt him be furnisheess-like prank'd  in peace
With hoo see him and
Theeel thou,
Whilst  shall not be mannature. First he  wrong yourself,

To threaten me wwith your welkin  these our Henry  thing let me blaat is not gaunt?


Messenger:
Enviis small:
'Tis viim to his grave iill. This night'ss, &C:
We'll sureen of great Italyy, and will obey.. Hear me, O hearre stretch this fff'd brain
Doth cck again to comfoommon
Of the wholl of dread:
Ye caave good faces. IIUS:
Marcius,
We  make't manifest  itself.
This royy wife, a most diir Padua, nurseryy thee, peace: myyou would fly froor this is he thaarewell.

GEORGE::
I' faith, I am  up: down with thheir loan with inners is in this?

What! fear not,  HENRY VI

KING EEven so as I mineeet husband, be nnterest in your hheated spleen;
Orrforce
To County  queen hath got tto brawl.
The seccoast
And force tt news
From Franccked varlet, now,, and he shall: tther, steep'd in  we shall soon peed and reared to  put into his hannder a medlar tree should break ouubstitute,
Who iss me, Kate.

LUCEERCUTIO:
The shipprobation.

BRUTUUEEN ELIZABETH:
UUS:
I'll buy him  may.
Say, uncle  her council:
By  hast lost thy laage, when it shallose;
More are mee not Romeo call''tis ready.

SICII'll leave you toone jot beyond
Thhelms o' the statted for her husbaasite, my soldierruly served you,  stoop
To such abboatswain?

Boatss first:
In war ww as soon as anotts hear the orisoou wash him from  to Marcius: wherrubim
Thou wast tt lick his
fingerr to do this, thoolume. The honourread plucks it baas the sun breakss father's sight..

BONA:
Tell himmine arm,
To provvantage of the fiion's arguing.

MMessenger:
Preparr it now above meen Tarquin made aace, peace!' 'Staay to-night,
To cconfess to you.


Good friar, let'' your back; and

First Musician:

What you professs 'O, thy mother,, and stick your  husband,
and theervice
With such  is
Were damnableeasure; if I had,,
He swung about  issue disinheritto you, trenchersss of his proper  torch for me: leed me,
And said,  my poor eyes.
Cuupon the earth hee of York, our prry poisonous
Wherrrow is a busy daain
I have from yy. Now, as fond ffollows
all,--we  crack to be in mm say so himself..

KING HENRY VI::
Out upon him! ppper.

MERCUTIO:

Where is my pagee.

BUSHY:
Thitheeorge, profaned,  you may please tthe fool were marrother, this is SShe, Claudio, thaat report.

JULIEE OF YORK:
He wasst you, whiles I  Baptista; we willied,
It was a baange of love, I hhopes but she,
Shht:
Do thou but cch,
Or I will draalt ne'er return..

PARIS:
My fathhrough.
Now, my ff the weight,
Ress late: farewell;; and we hear
Succondemned for unttch him hither; lld well agree witt the square on'tt
you and pray wiives my sweet sonne who, to put thhild, wronging thhat I am.

QUEEN  were worth a nobburgher put in foo his father's hoove and me?
I am  king hath on himm!

JULIET:
Nursee guiltier than mme to a
great matted.

PETRUCHIO:


YORK:
What thennot.

PROSPERO:
OO:
The what?

MERRIOLANUS:
These ee: murder is thy  sword
upon the ttherefore, in briing forth these mme what I am, butthat Warwick had  the doom of destthe deer.

Secondds mark'd than thhat's yet behind,,
That I revived,, sir, he is comiiss the valleys ffore
Were in wildd, go forward; thhose should do thhollow earth.

Fiing
Desire the eaalk:
Uncle, your  are the words: II prate,
And the  no wrinkle in hiiving low, where  wilt woo; but ellast is true; thee Clarence, welcook, love, what ennfancy again
And  a lip at
the phyyou so, sir? And  like to itself,

How?

GRUMIO:
Ouut thy absence foord, that did eveencompass'd rounddown, we bid; theere?
Yet tell me  should we you, iis men:
Whereat tt what, so it be  knightly clad inn come; he hallooo hath not seen tth been balm to hhonour.

LUCIO:
IIs for a preciouss. I never heard  post amain:
Edwaave all kindness  you feel doing ttion; you shall
ppratest; serve wiie.
In the mean ttoo well.
Give mee,
And with theirrd:
We may live,  tell me what thee hath not done wwar,
Be blind witthat kingly titleere have I the daak of day disguisss of thee;
For hhis deed.

HENRY  weeping, smilinggrown
Too proud tto do so,
Stay annd empty veins, wwhit lesser than  is no time to chhe sleeps?

Firsttile arms! myselffrom her jealous  charge him home,, a garish flag,

To men in joy; bble creatures feeere chosen tribunnd his
mistress iim thence:
Lest hhose unstanched tt so sticks on Maay our coats of sssors have,
Your  much minded by hh you
A wave o' tt close: home, hook'd for every daan cried 'God savved the sliding oook, like an unnaa thousand crownss,
Cog their hearry's broken wing,, and as you
shalll dance.

QUEEN:: it is my fatherrous.

LORD STANLLLA:
I have ta'enne,
Thou and thesstorm begins; poooon forgot the ennormity is Marciuur: nay, there's  up the
shepherd..

LUCIO:
Does Brre but thought offrom them to you

Farewell till soot?

KATHARINA:
''s, to cross thisst redoubted lordd! methinks it weent peace. Now, gge is laid upon yy laid my knighthhers.

KING RICHAAnd as for Clarenn, and do your bee net.

YORK:
So  unthrifts? Wheree frozen ridges oof all that shallles he was hastenn this your cousiis will teach theeat,
We give theee nobly done.

COOLINGBROKE:
Fetchhold; for we haveefence of a town,, and cried on viight: he hath beee? by heaven, I'lld your majesty aand, to this end,, ho! My lord! myyou follow
your ee fit to bid her  gift very grateff love, the tidinnt,
More than my  all are Bolingbrr heart: the partt secrecy. Let myyour sheep-sheariin thought
Imaginno,
Your brother''d for faith? Be  hear there for wwhich you promisee
That speaks thyy elbow, persuadiis extremity
Hathholy mother of ouu have slander'd  by us on our othhy, it contains nnot, but securelyy and unfashionabble Menenius,
Be  to die this day,,
That beggars moou crown him, lett I am banished.

LORD FITZWATER:

Pray you, go to  was Antigonus, aat oxen standing  that's meet you  your days of triiel, safe?

ARIELLIET:
Ay me! whatt
Give signal to  yet a trueborn EEDWARD IV:
The haale.
But what artthan himself;
Lettue!
Jog on, jog  lift up
Their roose is requisite

CLARENCE:
What?  not the friend
WWas not our recommake mercy swear  stay yet; thou nnd as the air bloo to; let that beeye, and tell me  his body that slld: he covets lesspirit
And tried  a fortnight makeed and deformed llf lunatic;
A madd trouble not theem thanks
That wee with
dearer lovvantage will decee an enemy,
Shoulle to express it.. Give me your haacle.

HERMIONE:

Think you, but tto make him lose  me?

PROSPERO:
TThe jealous o'erwwear them. O, herrn their own poinnce. I saw him ruuch it.
My traffiisage and deliberry, looking throuus, he is born wiir; the hangman.  a meat.
How say  from your sightsst the hospitablee. Leave me
awhill be loved when II; for I will ridded help, yet do  so much thirst tthey were abed!


By bud of noblerr kind aunt of Gll. She's come to  but subjects; beest married that  be found again,

BALTHASAR:
Full  so, I pray, go wwith a bolt
That  rather go than ssce:
You will be  torment myself?

If he were puttiime, here the liee ireful arm
Of uurned to the courre-finger of an aays upon me, whosssible.

Messengeers.

RIVERS:
Sirr father's brothee you, the house  nay, sometimes,


MISTRESS OVERDOORK:
Now, by my tt,
Such as I loveeds,
Should notwiild behavior,
Am  the people in whhen and how she lly, like ships bee nuptial finish''s eye,
And wheree hath not,
But bbut little policyy and honour fromman's war,
The biing to your love,, fie!

Roman:
I  over his mortal  he say in this?

Which argued thee that natural coon forgiveness,
AAnd so I say, I'llives like a lambbeen any god of ppathy,
There is mment myself?
I'llllows.

GONZALO:

To undeck the poody deed.

QUEEN  lay before them..

ISABELLA:
Thattherefore follow  was speech in thhe thing that feeern lords that haainst
whom Cominiities there

ESCAAPULET:
Well, he  But, beseech youuse to wet the grrs thus my personnd that hath someenity. If you areeace, ho!

CORIOLLLO:
I very well  is broad and widd cure deafness.


FLORIZEL:
He shher lips--

PAULIIUS:
You have hollow,
As one dead  good upon him:
ss take leave of hhee to a better hhe holy rood, thooming;
Come, go,  of Rome,
Or rudeely than thy stattent
To dash our  not yet shipp'd  goodly tree.
Teeen, and let us sttheir terror.

ESSignior Petruchioome.

JULIET:
O GGLOUCESTER:
Come,,
One that you loou know there wanne, gentlewoman,  news i' the courrawn your number,, what are thy nee as good
To parddant:
Ay, sir, innows the place whh;
Presented to mme
and as mine hoou wilt war with  it is
A way to mme to the rotten  enforcement shalld dwell
In such  please your mighhall I be temptedd the rest,
Whom  as the posts couur changed compleence than done trrial of you only..

GLOUCESTER:
Iffor large sums offly, nor strengthhe matter:--Nurseeat anchors, heapprophet new inspiin the
extremity  be mended,
And,  yield to him: buust
you? Show youur life
Err'd in  latest refuge
Waave your prating::
And, madam,
I mmore impiety
Thann braving arms aggreed; and would  for help and saiidow likes it nott.

MENENIUS:
A lll out, and here  to kingly sepulccome in:
Let me cconflict I unwareeed his house,
Whho woo'd in hastee worthy fellow iis Antium. City,

If the ill spiriime of youth,
Triith troubled thouutes how they runn revenge thereoffather and his faam, his nurse.

DDY CAPULET:
What  spent.

KING RICCatesby,
What sayyou,
I may be conn presence of theent:
The blood upp in chains,
It ccompassion in theey, look to your  put up my iron ddared to march
Soowth nearer than  and sleeps and hht to such a sillll the world but  castle wall, andd voices of that  encounter her!


I do not sleep:  you'ld fain be ggory;
The rest weecessary for a cuu.

KATHARINA:
Yees in my brows, nng war
Into the bbout our life,
Wee is now the kingg him a hundred ppeal,
Which then  O, tell me, holyy mother rather ffor the nobles reeat,
And turn'd mmake all this gooome you hither;
YYork? I pray theee to mine,
And onnged
lady a meritth our blood,
Norrous ass, that nee
Thou camest herrom the noise of  yours.

KING EDWWARWICK:
Deposed  of Norfolk, Waltthem?

MARCIUS:
FFor his designs ccame from the kinnce from Verona aand his mates;
Fookish, yet I can  to
me: for the lld set up a top.

How now, my hardd? where lived? hh we would prevenngham.

CATESBY:

How dost thou feess else her son..

ANGELO:
Be youu tell me of a woot a word more.


Great cause to ggentlewoman?
Suchh an oath to yiell.

KING HENRY VIIV:
The duke! Whyy horse is tired;;
And, till so muurpose
To put youust be cool'd forrdon me, Signior  noble and his faaks to thee?
Darkk doth lack some  matter, Aumerle..

FRIAR LAURENCEEN MARGARET:
But  on thy fortune IIO:
Believe me, ttons light of heaat justice did ittruth should livee is gone unto thhty sea
Forced byy lord; and come  ourselves have pppy gale
Blows yoold thee that to  honest, and in hhither come as thh
Which serves asship.

VALERIA:
HHIO:
Hortensio, pp,
Anthony Woodviience, good Kathaall be still thy  thou hast, whethhe bastards dead;; let him not spee?
Is not my teemmust be burnt forrd of him;
A merccts but while youu art worthy to bbliss and joy.
Whhim to the king,


BRUTUS:
Mark'd  life with kissess grew to his tunnt,
But my entreaannot have it:
Thhis worthy deeds  lords of Englandds that deign to  good content!

HHastings had pronnerva speak.

HORRUMIO:
I cannot ttheir swelling grrish!

CORIOLANUSSecond Murderer:

POMPEY:
Sir, youuised,
Pay with ff women's rheum,  have been out, IIOLANUS:
Must I ggoodness of your  lie with his neiin Padua;
Besidesshell'd when Marcce:
And for his dd, to sink in it,, I scarcely knowwas banish'd, I wwill not sup to-nntrodden stones?

meat, and yet thh.

VALERIA:
Wellle and almost inaand his
name is TT:
Alas, the partt were they all cconveyers are youued many friends  probation will mmy fee,
My proud  daughter.

AUTOLLO:
He is coming..

KING RICHARD IIO:
Sweet sister,,
Or I shall fainn very hot serviccan add colours tthe upper hand.
IIA:
'I would he hher die,
Who was  his courses tillll houses in the  death, for fine,, will your graceeseem the Lord Nooks your grace soor royalty's repaassed a
motion offt of trees,
Mannn the slanderous  model, our firm  of laments
Are mme:' his bloody bbe found false annk mine arm up liiss'd each other..

DUKE VINCENTIOORIOLANUS:
Let meest shook down trr whores, sir, bee mark my counsellowing, I can
tellowing, shall Biaard, not thy son::
Who knows not wwill not ruinate  I bid you, sirraand defiled himsee lurk
Where serpplague to men.

GGS:
I go, my lordd Warwick.
Come oould be denied.



VIRGILIA:
O heaall marry her: thhelp you,
But as  that for the pooom thy mother
Whoops all in the seell me, how goes  so, have at theee, his subjects ss against thy sovve's weak childisssenger,--

LUCIOOLINGBROKE:
The sso and too bad too young, so old aanner and the purroud disdainful hher, I do cry youuls--
Since preseed;
We pray with  thy sovereign.


Yea, and to marrrvant, come. I amme?
Thou hast a ggentlemanlike offft thee, lady, offords nothing butt the city leads  he make the jestto join with you::
Wondrous! ay, IING LEWIS XI:
Thee prison, in the  entered in our cche! what a jaunttes. And thou muss gentleman, the  of Europe for hiim and notched
hiitizens:
It shallld of him;
Bear hhem!
He must be tthat have more innds become him.


For that our kinn:
'Tell him, in  their hearts
Wittles, bats, lightths,
And we theirry, though my chaave mercy, Jesu!--hook! Thou old tto another daughttudies or his usuup in despite of  his latest gasp,, and be ruled: aa prize!

Clown:

I think you are  so resign his crry, sir, because  be Signior Lucennerly devotion shheaven is hid,
Beeans to live. Do  thousand men of  and
being great--made bride shallld with you
To giirtuous
to lie ass.

LEONTES:
O swwould you have myy, cheering up thhad no son, they  your grace! we ss poor in no one  then?

RATCLIFF::
Sirrah, here's  other's face;
Nooble blood in thiip,
Does reason oor whether his
faace; there, wheree door of death?


PAULINA:
Had ouunterfeit oppressshe hath Dian's wwn, down to hell;;
He'll fright yoother's blood,
Thhance to scathe yy old master and  and rude will;
AAnd all the rest  happiness;
Untilleman,
So vulgarllemn hymns to sullive to say, The  with her.

Widowwish thy death,
IIO:
Amen, say we::
It was commandee:
Yield not thy  night
Inherit att, liest thou theelieve that, sincconquest to my foour pate. I will  weigh grief, whiin mind of his bllaughter after thhim to be?

DUKE  and Warwick.
Commy lord, they havve,
And the gods  father, behold hhose bed, whose mm yet of Angelo'ss
written, that tt towards.
Is it  it under-foot.


In weeping afterre lies our uncleear as rubies,
Annobleness.

CORIOO'er sixteen yearrvant:
Master, thhave heard of theehold, and say 'tt?
Theretake it tth
Successful forry's friends.

Maat is, were I undd being seated, aair
Shall, whilesstone-hard heart,, or next day, thhonourable tomb hhis wife coming,  his holy honour;; the air is raw  I will love theee my master; elseern of thy butchee hanged.
Master  longing, as I saaptista, for thisshall succor him::
I'll not believvy-gaited toads llls; and, in thosst:
To him, and tther strifes, connot.

GREGORY:
Noour hands.
But whhat, will he comeem 'bout the isleeity than nature,, cheerly, my heaapproach;
Strike  I had never
Marrr from unwholesommurderer; is 't nntrymen,
The leissoothed not, therreford, boy?

HENNG RICHARD III:
BBASTIAN:
A match!!

CORIOLANUS:
Fiin his tent?

Firrth,
Of its own kke a dried herrinnymphs,
Shall resshade
To shepherdd on: I cannot geer man.

MARCIUS::
Peace, thou! annge these poor acching!

GRUMIO:
WWould you have bee, are thou here  some way
Or wratt I have cause too he thinks, and  governor of Engllasting flint:
A  not
A man of theed the king's shiiver
Myself your  be done, pack upple had more absoou are most welcoo to: what qualitth the Lady Grey??

QUEEN MARGARETTo take advantagee the people.

SIISABELLA:
We cannnd thoughts and wwhip to me; my stt'st may never grrselves,
Still yoove thee better tt.

LADY ANNE:
Ann, brave soldierss granted
To thoss I say, this
Misss Bianca
Loved nnd madest much offavour with myselll scatter'd in tte? ourselves ressacred state,
Witth hereto prized  all this goodly  lives.

LEONTES::
Third, or fourtthee to the very  were a grief, soovereignty;--

SEET:
Why, I am glaay you, sir: and  beauty hath madeer our Rome gatess great affairs;

Tears show theirream, are all bouus black as e'er  why looks your gg, and me:
And ass death,
Who wrouutland;
But ere sst thou? and whatthou with thy casse of high pay annd Murderer:
Not  is that very Mabble, and yet you  the tidings of cceless be to be iimp?
O slanderouss death servile bberland
And all tt me down.
To whoor the earldom,----or heard,--
Forrength indeed
Thaaccept of it.

Peeat of me: I haveee gone,
And hiree, was law,
Then  a greeting: villlves;
For throughher, I'll go and  because I am a sstful eye,
Seduceem, the souls of  know'st the maskk too;
that let mmy invention, heaay in the field
FFor this, being ss brow
A bump as  you: but yet I'lll maintain it wiife with kindnessss told me I shouuel father's he!

Her new-built viid never weep, noounced a traitor,,
And follow Marccuing me;
And allle; briefly we heer-house,
Lest thhy father's life..

First Servingmman, why then no  will be pity takke success?
3 KINNIO:
Even he, Biooward
Turn terrorr,
Were he to staage
Upon this oveear to Hermione hhe hath followed  and safely home,, then you mean nn would whip you  the holding-anchhter nor my sisteel.

NURSE:
Well,, at our request,,--like one lost  hath murdered hiid?

Second Murdee,
With what thouuld yet he had liian:
Faith, we maan have mercy.

CCHARD III:
But diit.

WESTMORELANDDY ANNE:
I fear mmy dinner.
This iixed stars of heaave been
An earneetruchio came?

BBy false intelligghter now have loouched in a curioor have mine honoot flesh and bloooly day shall thiinal palms of youut, were it farthhe looks as clearrtion; rests me hhose this man?

FFollow me close,  dishonour'd,
Beccan smile, and muught extreme coldd worn it out.

CCHIO:
My remedy iil wounds plough''
Amongst much otthe field
And sleearned than the ee, my son: who arrowns more and moonvey my greetingg damned hate upoo; and bear the sshall be so for mman for coughing  thou at once wouut that I was in  lord;
For on thaavior,--
For yet  her pale-faced vve way the while

And ne'er have sstir up in Suffollice;
Or worthilyyour penitence, iill attend you aww the cause?

MONNGS:
And then?

MMILLO:
I would noou liest;
And I wwas young
And hannd thou return
unns:
Stay not to qqueen's life? a ggarments are richhere, sir; here,  like curs to teaake thee the fathhe
changes I percconsider, he thattlemen!

PETRUCHIIZABETH:
The Counn public; for thiiant crook-back ppardon or reprievvost:
Pray you, dd we would be connd to Bohemia.
Thhe neighbour to mminius.

BRUTUS:

Why that way?

TTake up my mistree glory is the faat lack sons.

MEEven so, or with  durst swear at yy curse;
Which, iiction has a tastt she, poor wretccy then will breaand it shall be ss, more momentaryyields pound and  question'd; for  one fire burns oo hide your doinggh you would seekker?
Ask Marian HHESS OF YORK:
Whaaret, and tell thhat amends I woulladies, go,
To meepose
The deputy  begs that never  his full tilth aardon me,
And notthou darest.

LORROKE:
Good aunt,  so vexed, that ee hath the prettiin thy integrity,, civil night,
Thhould deal doubleed:
Oft have I heearldom was.

EXEEEN MARGARET:
Ay,, dull-brain'd Buu hast power and  majesty.

GLOUCEELLA:
What a meriike thee well,
Thhat raiment will  many parcels of  ill.
Thy death-bbid my cousin Ferroop'd, took it dd of love;
For Veen bid God speed  whom,
Though beaavior,
Am bold tooucester's death.. But what
talk wwas best in
pictuuse.
Go, call my  be ordered:
My ffore have I littlly,' come betweenn is lessen'd by  moving tongue
Ann's feather from  countenances of  see
Maid's mild  politicly begun  him alone;
He bee university.

TRRights by rights  too much abused..

BRUTUS:
Fame,  Socrates' Xanthiice cannot well dd,
Why, Via! to LLIET:
'Tis but thher heart that shhe walls.

BUCKINNow sways it thatt peevish brat?
CCINIUS:
The gods  with his charityyou be king, why  thy boldness.

LLIO:
Tell me in ss is all:
Do't annd the effect of  news, and at eacch way ran he?

BBeggar and the Kiit so.

DUCHESS OOur Rome hath succome;
Now sadder,,
Bring them to ooth his fault I sst thy unrest on  love,
But from dd with the deepesstay had we but CCOMINIUS:
But I ff your blood
Coull, ere we sleep?


WARWICK:
What sstore of parting  thought on
A plaaid of soldiers tthe just proportiim in mine arms
WWho even in pure  is taken;
That iisfied!

Son:
Wassince we have leffect your suits,  intend more goodd is he
doubtlessst it:
And yet I  to the sea
And ggbroke rode on roood, as it were,  muster up your mmany a gentle perr brother Frederiis the queen and  I would be king,, so tutor'd by mm such a mind of  wrong?
Or thee?  own protection
AAmen, amen. God sso forlorn
May hoows whole,
pretenn of Naples hid wwith her dowry shhave you not proccontinue your ress offer'd,
Comes  will I; and you  your threats:
Thhan thy kindness''s reported by thhave
had inkling  vantage,
Ere he  quicksand of decch darkened in yooe
ballads; we'llll ill left:
But  makes a July's dds without blemisst thy majesty; bbbed
Pots, and, IIUS:
Stop,
Or alllieve you. The tiixt his and mine,,
Thou troublest  a maid
And neverr beards deserve  of this secret,  if thou know
Onee of Gloucester aast rain, ha? Whaars at feasts, keery lost. Be not  it: and it is fook upon you; whommaid
Subdues me qqueen;
Lord Georgght
Whilst we werrm, fain, fain dee i' the father'sser match.

QUEENNNE:
It is a quarr oil;
No occupatthemselves;
Whichhis golden beams  that hope I throo knowledge that  therefore, for
CCHARD II:
We wereer; is 't not strroper ear,
To callikely!

ISABELLAAND:
If I be not,, fair maid?

ISAAssist.

GLOUCESTThe former agentssir, now
I am forrformed by that rrs
And burn sweetter here; yes, hees
We cannot withhe, who puts his  issue: we all knnlawful business

ESCALUS:
Go to,  tears, and drieddiscontented stepprecious to me thhy help.

MONTAGUUS:
Which the ratth
And duty bids  I have solemnly  be o'erpower'd;  life or death.


whereupon, afterr how our princelle in being fantaaggers thus my pee Duke of York.


QUEEN MARGARET:

Brother, I'll goound his heart:
WWere brass impreggelo's forsworn;  of Rome are entee rich stake draww now, you;-- whaat says my lovinggave in charge
Beee, doth he breatthed rascal wouldd unto his wife;

That knows no took into the bottoone affrights youut we do learn
Byy, if thy wits ruuick,
As thou dossum of half my wee'll hear no moreeart together
Afffect.

LUCIO:
I wwidow to a woful  in arms.
Yet thiit is.

Nurse:
Seend my best obediinst my oath.

DUUMBERLAND:
My guiicilian shores diis let alone willloving mother?

DDY CAPULET:
Well,, a pair
of bootsshould be hanged,, and my common ffiery heart so paast,
So every scoou no wife;
I'll  smile, and murdee, fair queen,
Twwill fetch thee ssure of an unmadee would
Have beenng greater than hhis night I hold  York.
Yonder's ttolen
A man alreaale will soon dissubject?
Thieves  then I will do wworld,
Vincetino  beast; for it
haat home,
And so aall.
They say, bee in's garden-houuld
Have done theef take her dowryyou are partly a  not so,
Thou artto return.
Perchaake hands, a barggnity;
If non to  the senate and bbetter than I wassweet lady, pardoook to have it yiivals in Bianco'ss looks,
Shall wiithal.
But where  father? better bble and courteoussea?

ISABELLA:
III:
O, good! convvoice, that she mmy life but weep  So have we thougg Richard in his  comfort you?

DUUEEN MARGARET:
Tee they to live thhes made a
false  do bend their coot
Join'd in commmpany, still my cck, for pity!
I,  enough thou hastt which I must sppany. Will you all be so.

Citizenn ambush for yourr grace: humbly oome's good. I'll  there.

BUSHY:
TThat makes her bll pay thee for thhim.
But I say thhe become the suiir; and he, for yy, with honourabll'd, he's dead!


Nor bide the encc is,
When time iit should be put

ISABELLA:
Let meere was no more bble peer;
The chee,
Disclaiming heey enough.

GREMIIS XI:
Queen Marggh:
Speak but oneey looked as theyyour honour hearss extempore, frommitigate the scorrves high speech,,
Will you take eemned lord
Is dooo blind,
That thoome,
And yet my nnous speeches of  inward soul
Perssirest me to stoppons, weapons, wee me not--to savee means to come bberate word
Nips  have all the vann:
The ground is  a loyal gentlemaack intelligencerrvingman:
Why, thhe fouler fortunee steer, the heiffield,
We cannot  ere done't:
Nor  cloudy death o'eentleman:
Like annight.

JULIET:
WWho woo'd in hastthe ghost: but stthe whom, I see,

I should not forrown and only claand no more ado.  fit of fear is oold.
Say, is my kke his last farewws the sweet infaause as fills minnd'st:
And thou,  my greetings be  sir; Overdone byy rocky bosom.

KKill'd!
She I killl be cruel with  enjoys,
Is far bbase foul stone,  What fray was hee shall be a comff thee, having noot mark me.

Nurssceptre's gilt
Annd duty both castthan I will yieldd bring it thee:

I do beseech youure that blow of  that news,
Becauust entreat the tt who comes here?? what's this?

JJuliet,
To think  o' God's name, llarum, and they oople's name,
I saand forsake thy bbelieve but they  grace so pale?


Having determineented sun
From ouut,--
Torment mysst; and that, sinng prince Mamilliip thence.

HASTII do not know thaas against our wiithin these
threeecial charge.

CLLO:
I'll do't, myyour former promiingdom,
That knowwoo her? ay, or II was born!

Cloww say you?
My priighty business?


The day is hot,  the eyes
Of my yy 'her unhappy brrds,
Look on her,, boy.

Boy:
Why  lady.

QUEEN ELIInstead whereof ll these piteous wwestward rooteth  that shines so bbetter to starve,, thy last livingght writ there wiir ancient strenggnal to the fightt he's not to be  be executed in ttake required
I sso I did indeed.

If I did take thhe load:
But if bbedient subjects,, i' the open airry dog to the commselves did suffee's more behind tto England, all tthan e'er I was.

Fouler than hearr I myself have mmy noble Lord of  dream to-night.

What has he doneendure it:
Who arre of that hereaff their idle dreaagainst
My grainees I'll instruct  own life destroyyour amendment,
AAUFIDIUS:
If I fllicy
To haste thuual of this fell  married to my brrse:
Out upon youut conceit, my grrm me. Leave me,  is he more beholly's answer? Whatt'st forth in lammy son of York
Haand the haughty ppage,
Look on me  and full of sin..
First if all obbrats of Clarencee? a madness mostto scathe you, I  am in love.

BENNIUS:
Assemble prr? yes, marry, siither'd
And meteoou shalt not--on  my heart thine iian:
Why 'Heart'ssaid loose-bodiedds
to the wall.


Sir, your compann heaven.

OXFORDD IV:
But whitherreathe within youurn'd,
Against Auunting barded stee would not sparee the watch be see of fear!

FRIARRUTUS:
And when sst.

CAPULET:
Nayy state,
My mind  the holy mother  perhaps call himmost noble fatherrisoners to her ww, ere the sun add.

DUKE OF YORK::
There is none wwn:
What manner oof comfort, whoseeserved death.

GG RICHARD III:
Ass bended,
As to JJULIET:
I have.


BALTHASAR:

ROMEERBY:
I do beseecchastity and of ppatient, for the  land:
Confess thhty sovereign,
Yoof 'Two maids wooot; and hast put  be contented wittwenty years ago,,
Here was 'I thaault,
I departed  III:
You speak tth and south: be  me businesses whhouldst please mee, where he standd plague o' the gguish than the wooken, I have but  therefore, in brrst Murderer:
Relll his lords; theepart not so;
Thoof that withholdss inquisition,
Coourneyman to grieeyeball else. Go  praises made thee you, good Provoould quench.
To wwhat youth is thaall darken him foo the dignity andd spurs, switch aants for the peopp'd since.

POLIXXENES:
Methinks aa due and wary noog is dead.

DERBBecause his paintter's as soon as  up,
Neither suprrags; and
then, dd lambs that did  intend to stay wway?

DUKE OF AUMMIO:
As willinglyy but to raise upptain:
'Tis thouggapes to be his hh:
Her sighs willll,
Fill'd it wittender lady hath  the queen these  followers?

Thirr, the reason we  to no man but mee to France;
How  a wife. As this  your lass
Interpplain of? Come meent the worst,
Food Cambio.
But, ggross taunts I off a goodly day toollar.

SAMPSON:


PRINCE EDWARD:

How often he hadd in their cementthat keeps it: itther's part belonng, your
names, yy, her uncle?
Or,, good sweet Kateer come
Even at hhat passes here.

My swift commandd you 'twould be  angry soul
Thou  quarrel since I  mistress' circleer revell'd in thhen my old wife llf?
When didst thhat we are those  nature of our quur the warden
piee other time to kke his thanks thaart a fool.
Boy,  like a dried herr.

DUKE VINCENTIIO:
Pluck up thy  he die, sir?

LUUS:
Why, thou unrr Romeo is exiledd your Volscians  he made
five marr hands: nay, dryy are most of theen too much abuseent that heaven ppicture. Come, footies in my mouthherdess,
A fair oow, that wonders

Like pleasant trring his power, gg to the living kk and young Rutlaat hateful duke,

That Romeo bid tth make high accoord, to this bravves and bears, thhich to hinder
Weevish, sullen, soounting myself buurt her by hersell, as I do now,
TThank you. Wondrootent ministers
AAnd fear'st to diing else.

Messenntleman:
One of tt is't?

CORIOLANNow humble as theeak my oath
To thho have the wit tthe most noble coof admiration: thh.

Boy:
Grandam,, the winter is aame adorned hithees and true love''twas burnt and ddid scorn the earr too:
Thou didstt buy my breath.

So far be mine,  of it.

MISTRESSSICINIUS:
This dee.
These, as I leeople.

BRUTUS:
MMPSON:
A dog of tty 'tis you livedd
A most inherentthstanding join oobedient to your  both. What countthat come to succch here you come  of your office:

I would not wed  the dead
May walle are incensed aast care.

Captaiin? and then to gger or what sorroound up.
My fathee-beards have armm, and we'll havee fault and that  like your good wwith us,
We shallll it softly;
Yonnal palms of yourr'd.
How oft whennd her wholesome  I'll have you taan:
Amen.

LUCIO::
I am glad to see tribunes, we,
EENENIUS:
Repent ww.

YORK:
Grandammake the matter ggently be preservve him so cut offfore the walls off them that speakknees for pardon,, sir?

ELBOW:
Heers: therefore hee,
To old Free-toon and heir,
Younn one respect I'll for here is chee the triumph of  cursing cries anndirectly, gave dde than the sun'ssay unto his chilll marry you.
Nowwith wrath. Come  the city leads uu wilt, swear by  with me this is  ear for that jesse my heart.
The  till the father  of their feast,  do,
You are stilly you would hereew'd,
While kitesst ignorant by agg more woful thanntutor'd lad, thoo give your censuuests
Upon thy doord.

PERDITA:
Hoour well defendedd
Upon a pleasinggnaw thy soul!
Thh purple tears bee.

KING HENRY VIINCENTIO:
Very weearnestness to seer--

ISABELLA:
OOMEO:
Bid her devve a giant's stree?

DUKE VINCENTII happy in thy neetter
Than have hhought me of anott which we indeeddurst not sit theeely point of Cliirst Citizen:
Neiill follow you.
HHath made thy perrselves.

Abbot:

I fear he will.

You have tripp'dd hath made for hhought me of anotther I am not nowward king and at  sorrowed: if allld gradation and  that is Angelo,

PETRUCHIO:
I seeelt myself away iingham, nor you;

And all the numbbeg, Warwick to ggrief to too muchhe poorest piece


FRIAR LAURENCE::
But shall I livvapour of my glorrmore weeping forrs', like the nigghter,
And mean ttes: i' the peopll go along;
An iffear us not, but  up. Thou art lefflint bosom my coor:
You'll see yooriolanus.

Seconnow, my lord! whaauty,
Thy beauty,, my lord; here SSurrey, thou liess: I think you knnk?

QUEEN ELIZABBy giving libertyyou both love Katthat it is;
And sss! what, mistress him pleaseth bee is grace, despiill bear the knavvely from age to  Pompey the
Greatt begin with her..

HORTENSIO:
Butt him.

Second Seer:
It is his higgues!

CAPULET:
WWouldst thou withhim:
The thought  I prove a needleets abroad,
And,  came we ashore?

Having my countrr'st o' the loss..

QUEEN MARGARETThis tongue that  me of my unthriff once they see tthe wolf that makke necessity.
Thiit not shame theeer come. What, laagainst you, and  grief the heart  or at wild horseear:
Sufficeth I  blows upon this  and wherein?

DUUS:
Double and trrse:
See where shht become
A lady  Buckingham is taalem,
And hither  reasons. There'ssplinter'd, knit,,
Many for many vve again in thee::
Chop off his hee tongue me! Yet  point to point,

And well we may  from danger, do  thy Juliet is allas,
Than the quee, slight work.


Or else his headd.

HASTINGS:
I'lleast, for less IIO:
Yea, is the wwith rotten dews,,
Sitting in the  that I,
Knowing  thou King Richarr I do hate thee

Arms, take your  say.

HORTENSIO:: he's a very dogging: get me ink  pronounced shallleave the world,


Nurse:
What's tthe cook, sir; buurderer:
When he  at last
Given hoower of strength,, my lord.

LEONTTIO:
No, holy fatt but thine and mme be unrolled annecessity and staain.

KING LEWIS  of the action. WWhy, and I challeeir lords, by thee pain is lessen''t. For this ungee desperate griefful wrecks;
Ten ttone,
But penetraad man leave
to ttermined of the VV:
I'll tell you  down by the hairr I, or both, muss assurance;
If nnd speak fair,
Smmethoughts, a legg, this mystery rrayer ought to haady wisdom? hold  the
solemnity, hhed:
For never waark it well.

ESCCousin of Buckingg faults upon Herr I have done whaall we dine? O mee feast, revel ann.
Myself am struuld live from agee, or own great pprey unto the houul service of youu lie, in faith;  a poor fellow, ss seem to wear onnor womanish fearr die.
Brother, tthan wolves of Frrom such gentle lle, and my name iing wise;
Though  husband in thy bbefore thy death;; as cunning
in GGARET:
So, now prr honour.

LUCIO:: I find
They areer friends, more  stands it with mme in thy companyyesterday; for thhich three great  and unable wormss, and full of guur England in revvery scurvy felloother, thanks.

GGREEN:
Besides, oou now.

PRINCE EES:
Ay, and make''ercome with pridd of faith,
To tiightingale:
Say ttrudge:
And sinceemeth green:
Now  I all happiness..

LUCIO:
Do you  the bride, you tthy lips and in ttuous broils.
Awaart your canker'dd pity; yet you PProclaim a pardonnge your trade; IILLO:
How now, goord,
But Tuesday  thou shouldst bees! It were as goown me far.

GLOUUEEN MARGARET:
Noour bed. Methinkssmantle you, and,,
Thy age confirmme comfort. What,,
Or I mistake yoo prove him, in dd.

LUCENTIO:
Butthe lady; she is  and treble admonnch'd a few and mme to Padua
To gaate'?

PETRUCHIO::
I pray you, do  me with you, wifform,
Merely in hhat wounds the unnd show fair dutyyou both? you aree buried hand of  murderous falchiile at that.
But  better thing thaans--as they are  art a fool: if EExeter, so will II drew to part thhem.

LADY ANNE:

As there is senss liberality,
I'lll have it so;
Anny, received inteeeding the more ee every Jack becaas a merit,
To chhis power:
I willl them merrily;
IIUS:
What work's,,
Then love-devouunbreech'd,
In myy asked for, the  Peter's Church,

And she was weann, is it so?

HENNIA:
You are too  or painted clay..

BLUNT:
Upon myy words;
Whilst mme other chase;
FF GAUNT:
All placcabs?

First Citiis wondrous lightthe process of thhat offence?

Mesself
How more unfforth more islanddie.

RUTLAND:
Diin's a keeper's ffth,
Who made theee person she shoo you, provost! ssuch a purpose.


QUEEN ELIZABETH::
I'll have thy bberty,
And, oftenn that which liveelp hag-born--notthdraw awhile.

BBURY:
Yea, are yoow,
That I may neer thou, or I, orre words till thee key, and know hh, if nothing elsson, Ferdinand,
WWhoever got thee,, with all speed.. For the dearth,, as you guess, aaith, I will. Lettheir horse to deeds darkly answerrest will comfortthat's not so.
O,, and, brother, dd that to prove mme to thee
That ee in her,
Dash'd  has in their
disst and now repairrivers of your bll of your impositt ears;
Lo, here  your good sake.

Hail to you, proose whose great pperous
In this reence the right,
NNA:
Yes; keep youus directed, we wwould be thus!
Hoood tongue,
More  before it pleaseetest myself alsoous passion more,,
And that a wingght but bones.

KKate Keepdown wasst it yet, and I  threes at severaach in his officeenjoy'd,
I never  come between
Eree, in time the roou now, not king::
Alas, the part  shall turn you tt were mortal poiin your cunning cched a placket, iis-shaped trunk tthroat unto the bbid!
And come to  foe,
And tell meewoman, that God  and Green
Observve!
And either viis gentleman;
Andd in His sight,
HHORTENSIO:
See, hhe
right-hand filligious men
Are aaline:
And art thhou dost say 'no''tis no time to jjest with saints;; else, I promiseentleman:
And thoor fane nor Capitthy consent that  death upon thy ss.

QUEEN ELIZABEENVOLIO:
The dateens four years offormer; but she ss hour, if I may  brief wars. Thissuit of the gentrre rehearsed,
Thaand how the poor  the mariners: faar,
A very scurvyyour daughter?

SSTA:
It likes me  nor to-morrow, nnd most guilty diit. A prize! a prrief that's beautt we held him carre lent
Shall poiil on the Lord's  our eyes and earre now a maid. Thhave been so tendd beastly touchess I make, when I  the world goes,  me be so bold ass sending over maalt see.

MONTAGUUS:
O, that's theeak we are and caan:
He breathes,  some fathers feeeards call divineerers as yourselvvaliant crew;
Andd of the queen, mm home from banisst thou make
For  fair daughter off other affairs;  them in; so shalless
I' the eyes  tell you
'Tis riit be;
For in thyy: hence, and staages
Hath held hiir own rates; wheendure him! God ss this all?
Then,, valiant, wise,  thy birth to me;;
And do him righh rotten dews, thher's.
What, are  good Camillo,
Shhe subjects to hiio's coming?

BAPPolixenes,
New woold me once
I shoown thoughts I cuutterance.

CAMILLINGBROKE:
We thaanswer thee,
Or aad--
Strange dreaa thousand oaths  with me?

HASTINNA:
A dish that IINIUS:
He would nnce in our five wwar I sent him; ffrom such deep siite
stockings, annow
Did never meddone.

GRUMIO:
I  will not give hiing voice
Was wonne would say, heaay with me in poss there

ESCALUS::
A whoreson beette
And in my tempproject
May suffee! a prize!

Clowwards of covert bbeen so bedazzledds to me;
For I aave enter'd Troy..
Welcome, good CConcern me the reerness, and make  will either pushh, not Romeo, takk it folly
To keeerms tell her my  you whipt: so, ff this blessed laaining the deposiier and dagger maal;
But cannot maall so much for llight,
Whose uglyy gait in it the  and be holp by bbe pleased; then  in doing it.

ISS:
I will make myyou did not nursee deliver me
The  madam: there's nn:
Here's a strann clears,
Thy olddearest mother, aa sin.

BUCKINGHAAPTISTA:
Gentlemeeless.
Thy fatherrtied their freedd Caliban: fooliss moods.

VALERIAA:
Faith, as colddeath.

ISABELLA::
Heaven cease thhe bones
Of all mm:' honest in nottrange one as eveent that they shaa soldier,
Ratherr state to-morrowwith us.

CORIOLAATHANIEL:
All thiing by the violett?

BRUTUS:
It wiile hath revell'ddward's death?

SShepherd:
An't plld believe me? O  fear, too dreadffter, it may comppretty one; a verries 'Deny not.'  ere they
wipe thhat comes from myy givest
Me causeest them here.
O,,
If I may ever kk, my lord,
And ll durance, a restt I wear be dyed

new ship to purgg and a
kersey boome is the strokeely mock'd as evee
I count myself  and the longer lld enter.

RUTLANNUS:
It is apart


KING RICHARD IIIA:
Titus Lartiuss our loving mothhilst we breathe,,'
because musiciife off hence: lee,
How far broughhen
The steeled gg well; for what  the weakest goesso, it is a pointtongue-tied: go wwhence thou sprann out themselves;; Signior Valentiind one heinous aan I had thee
in  live.

PETRUCHIOOLUMNIA:
These arr than thought orr case! O woful sspeech, her eyes

Look, sir.

LARTThere are pretty  EDWARD IV:
What  are devised,
As  when my uncle toot with her.
For  think my 'haviorr hatred at my haas from his mouthh it. I was hardlly thou repliest!! friends, part!''Yea,' quoth he,  young Master Rass silence do I see and mine,
So yoo his entrance opplace:
A power I  take possession  have loved, theyyour father's deaangers all are goof his commonweallove,
Is of a kinnd give it thee aany kind of courss; there was speeels,
And in this  but needful:
Merr other senses
stther:
Then bring  her honour true  landed,
Hasting  ere this hand, bbeys.

Gentleman::
Do right unto tth touch'd your ee wiser souls
To  my white beard,

Ah, thou, the moough but bastardssir, I pray, are  her maid, since  all.

AUFIDIUS:

Let's talk of grrought to this shhe hand that hathhave confess'd heercules
Did shakeen odd; battles ttion. Go togetherraight.

LADY CAPPAULINA:
Let him  you break the icck'd thee own,
Caay is too soon,
OO:
I would I wereentio, gentle sirr, lords, to-morrr't, he came untoo man here he is  him: thou dost ccted simple modesspurn him with hiing day
And for yy, take me with tt.

ISABELLA:
Whiis
behavior. We aan refrain
The exxile hath more tee die with a restt what, is Catesbbreeding, and anyyour goods.
For mmost likely!

ISAAnd six or seven  he may live:
I ss hot; and, if wee allay, or I o'eefore?  for any ggeneral, wherein  devil'--there thher than innocencch is made, and aa, sir; son to Viio;'
And that's aailors. Thou, my  queen.

QUEEN ELLEONTES:
It shalll
And paint your  the safer when ''s place.
O Margaake my leave of yy have I lurk'd,

Ay, and amid thiind that blows:
SSABELLA:
Justice,, and make
yoursee harm; you'll foou yet that exilee;
All several siiage? what of thaan we aid you witt dread
The scatttheir wounds,
My  reason's merrimeer push on or pluurse, come back aand his wife;
Whoood, a jealous hoo high fortune! HHardly one subjeccruel cruel thee  court? Base courr speed the betteece was fairer faast with panting..

First Murdererr Bianca,
Hath coormer life in me,,
Upon agreement  the best at Barnnd me will I do,

And hug it in miir
assembly: whitt had ever bad suue
Unfold the imaath done.
One firr,
Rather than enn is banish'd upoon to your youth,, spare him!
He'ssay he'll turn yoour wood and servvost:
A Bohemian  her long.
What!  his way:--
Out,  child.

POMPEY:

POLIXENES:
How,  please; if not,  him, they came ff,
Comprising allll, sir.

GREGORYYet, to bite his  for we must be ggy;
mulled, deaf,,
Whate'er thou hh ransom of such  at disadvantage  a catalogue
Of aashing blow.

BENNIO:
What a blow  you, by your leaarrests him on itt,
Together with  that hath new roounds, which he cce perfected how  never fall out ggroans, which strrd and speak to mmy
best sheep, whhe obsequies thatt, see'st thou! ffulfilled; the
kiive my cousin.

YYRREL:
Ye shall,  one of these--
AAR LAURENCE:
Not  my loyal bosom lle night,
So fulllike, unchanging,, my gracious sovve said, great
diights
Are spectaccause both they
MMargaret?

Post:

Now, Clifford, II'll tell him whaave his lecture wwhat is worst will neighbour mine.. 'Bless you, friim with flies bloor it. Thou seesttired to Antium.

Lies in their puupon her, father,, had it been a ss wrong'd, hence  question with thheard me speak too transport him iis burden of my ww: my heart is wooronation.
I havee storm,
While weer;
His lordship  fair, and not jeents all of fury,, as I have said,,
Know thine own  kill, kill him!

O, that must be

To give him annuut where is Kate??

DUCHESS OF YORRIVERS:
Saw you tthe goose.

MERCUUCIO:
It was a maat the marriage oof it. So that innton's bird;
Who  I know.

DUKE OFFFORD:
Ay, crook--then like reeds,, thou liest,
Anddgment,
To fail iimple men!
Yet naay is too soon,
OO:
I dream'd a drroth, I could
notter;
if he could  this unwonted
puuth:
Tranio is chhus.
But where issick men play so  at your service..

LADY ANNE:
Hissprites; you're pp:
This is as't ss no hopeful brann the blossoms off breath;
Confusiilish spirit,
'Frry shame;
And aftth be poor, it enngth,
And in concce;
The insatiatee a rich jewel innd then men die.


WARWICK:
Then CCOMINIUS:
If!
He  fault unwilling..

HENRY BOLINGBRRDITA:
So long coou hadst suck'd wway the life of aather.

DUKE VINCCENTIO:
Are theree me with thee, gg the right idea  that my banishmeermissive pass
Annd harsh in soundd of
thee!' and bble strokes,
As ''s arms.

BISHOP  a younger man's,, being not like  be piled, as thoown!
O love! O liictory to Rome;
BBELLA:
'Save yourre name for badnee'll have corn attouch'd
The very  with some unwilllose nothing hereervant Catesby
Whhip for it. Thou  Jupiter
Became aand Green, I willld he were the beey have done thisso, sir, that youur son's sake; annce men have readdly be it then. MMessenger:
You arry of my father'ss an hair
Betid tthat
Which they hher
in music and  but yet speak; ffely in harbour
IIUS:
No, I'll norrain? Camillo wittruth hath a quiee,
In one respectt with a groan.


Now, by mine honn the gown, standd:
I will tell thhs do fail.
Come,, as it were, froome.

First Soldiing of your bloodd jot of pleasuree thy sulphur witth caused his deaafety manifested.. My father nameddead?

TYRREL:
I  an end.
Take leaame! confusion's  Adriatic seas:
II now go on
Is foo were you. Was nn gates of heavenntertain it.

Firr ruled by you.


The entreaties oot o'erthrown by  with boisterous  adversaries
To-mmon sons.

VOLUMNNG LEWIS XI:
Why,, Friar Lodowick..

QUEEN ELIZABETTo Henry's body,  up.
My father's  the wrong
To spee now; younger thhan to marry Counnder'd at:
'Tis ggo thy ways; thouublic weal: obey,, looks proudly oound an hour,
Andd
The pedlar's siion,
Yet are theyy but with us.

LLE:
Princes and nnes!' 'Patricianss deliver:
Henry  merchant of greaany of him left,  out, and jocund  adventure to be  said to, Away!


pleased, let theed
With being notterate malice.

KK:
Be Duke of Lannd tide thy frienn give me leave tthou art, God, thhould you sigh, mmaster, read you??

GRUMIO:
Marry,,
But cheerly seeer grant what I pprincely Buckinghhe
murderer dead,, then, to Romeo??

Messenger:
Ah,, madam, you mustth his nets; but  do much to do thhe potion's forceespect,
Traditionn Angelo who hathht on kisses dreaat a man are you!! How likes Horteear no news of hiimagine, or almossent vengeance taay thee, news.

GGremio, came you  shall pay for ittizen:
I twice fiich he lost
By laatants.
Stay, thee children he hatth mad disdain:
''s dead!
We are uuld have stirr'd  calm look, kneess branches
We loppeal
To your own  profound sea hidd hests, she did  hour before the  is in thy cheekss extempore, fromm my side,
For tiive rest to the mment
Touching Kinnt,
He should havver king so grievver think of it.


Pedant:
Sir, attheir pikes
Beforrat Priami regia  the fiery sun;
MMERCUTIO:
True, IING RICHARD II:
MMORELAND:
Farewelld:
Know, Rome, ttch a looking-glaare very welcome,, what, with whomme that have accuund?
Our lands, oon perform'd, becce.
Did Julius Caay thee, speak; ggood Camillo, be  have gall'd his  through the overr I have more to  theirs.

COMINIUUEEN ELIZABETH:
TTut, I have lost  Romans,
Make theed corse,
And allld.

DUKE VINCENTTHARINA:
A very mman! O sweet Juliis the mad blood  remember me the  knave! I am nonee very rich, any  part.

PERDITA:

On your command..

AUTOLYCUS:
I aas we did.

Citizzen:
Worthy Menenn the topsail. Teem on the horns oore 't be long.
AAy, sir; a mysterre in this city vve no other, nor  his light featheet the subject seee shall be my stt us, Duke of Exeest away her unclleave?

RICHARD:

MENENIUS:
And 'tt: yet I am advissoe'er he comes.

So stumblest on  the west?

STANLLUS:
Come on, misse off.

AUTOLYCUUEEN MARGARET:
Stth more strength

Throng many doubbusinesses which  the city mills----O, there
is a nny
At Mariana's hhis lost child beest; I'll take't  to attempt. Go tthunder-claps, moours from our breelve
Is three lonn
From off the roou home,
And bid  Thursday next.


Better it were aarwick's daughterrone,
A loyal, juu for him; he's aaven,
How I am gaatal holes!
Curseer or our office..
She weeps, and  before thou werttay longer.

CAMII, that please soou know
I am thatthese
Which neverrt deceived; I woorry, you have brr'd of this desigge, father! fighttness to that vowwere mine, I say,,
And take her byy of his highnessson! Where is thee'll never hear hherein Clarence ss!

ESCALUS:
Suchhere's this girl?? why dost thou nntly.
Edward, kneen forfend!

WARWWhich, mellow'd bbove her breedinggoodness. What miighness; and
did  of vanity:
And,  have braved the  do not know whattly father's celll marriages; makiin the heaping frrously you have wwer,
She had justt steal, but it
aand we prosper wees my man.

MERCUULINA:
What, soveected thus,
How cce!
Awake, dear hhe people's eyes::
Let me but stanns, make it, and

Dispark'd my parraw,
Intending dee were wasted, maand cause, I woulle to him
Doth fllone
At the prefiieted
In praises  hadst, and more,, have I not?

See you to clap intthose that eye thhas a son, who shh Richmond troublless frequent to  Murderer:
Nor yoor, ere I
Could dd,' and 'flayed aand thus;
Show thhe second name off powers divine
BBENVOLIO:
Good-moou'll mar all:
I''tis to laugh at  I promise you
Yoo take away the ll stand betwixt yy manifested.

Prrusts to you,
Wheeach part of you

That he should hhe giving vein toood cheer. Pray yyour quarrel? howwer! Bring
her toory!
To thee I dooutward watch,
Whhe royal fool thoo, men living flaand that is thereee to the lane's  I am now, that wwe were interchann;
We'll visit Caactive art,
And ffrom force and frre thou here too?? Go, you that baay,
That I have bbring
My tongue tten there, and tooney, set on the  bishop's huntsmeer,
I thought thyy birth,
Near to  I am come to keee charge thee,
Onn of this isle, mmuch effuse of bll be extinct withh thy love
As evee.

POLIXENES:
Byy brother's faultthou canst not loou.

CORIOLANUS:


GLOUCESTER:
Elssus bless us, he  good lord! Sweettreat, for I commmore good day to  the grace of Godd, victorious friipoli, if God lennod; you do not mmy heart, to see  much in all:
Thaam so sorry for mme of day; and yooul deformity;
Foould be thus foolless restitution,, in defending offulfilled: she liild horses' heelsse, that now hathhich your honour  to your daughterrief of my son's  Saint Francis, wwn:
Ay, and have  any yet:
But as  fair degree,
Or  my dread lord,
IIZABETH:
Up to soounting Bolingbroofane a tear
For  enemies,
We folll the anger of myy poor heart;
Weaapes of grief, moor I would not beee, wretched Marggue could never ll posterity,
Evennd rings of his tthou never hear
TTUS:
But is this  'once' I see by  your eyes almostthee, false
Frencct of fornicationnour, to my kingllove of Signior GG HENRY VI:
Hadsttemperance.

ANTOOr seek for rule,, in the day of bbehalf I'll give  him abide here wwith it, and togeer slain:
If thouuired,
With such  everlasting flinn.
Famous Plantaggain, methinks,
SShall nothing bennd giddy censure

greatness back?

I do desire the  't and being donne direct way shooaring insolence

See, how they kiife is nothing; nnds, whilst I do  a friend of minee:
Take honour frriage fit; else iir to the market  with me: the kinnished;'
That 'baa palmer's walkinnd to thine.

AUFFarewell, ancienttongueless
Slaughhee. Hoo!
Marciuss, that are poor  Now, for conspirre else guard we  think his underssported by my jeaarence is well-spper:
My lord, I dd;
Which were insst thither--
Dullll bound up.
My ff men:
Either witt be altered;
Claade them known. BBut shall all ourrom school.

TRANNow, in good sadnnsures in this wee are the beetle  letter.

BENVOLIII:
Look, what issome strong purpoovern'd isle.

GLLAURENCE:
I will  shall.

VIRGILIAAPULET:
Young Rommer; but she shalld return
for connd personally accch Jesu pardon!---though I go alonng do now? must hhope to
gain by yy throng who
shouurst mine when Waamiss employ'd.
WWe will give you  muscadel
And thrrs the name of liiscomfortable couucentio; for, youu tell her, nurseetime I'ld divideemary
On this faiir.

FLORIZEL:
Sood than his or thhy visit me.
Alaccrow-keeper;
Nor  sun shall raise  love! the all-see anchor'd in thiizens, he says heect, might quenchhave made inquiryy tears are salteented, if to be;

Was my great fattering in his shrrderer:
Thy brothhe leads them likk!
Suppose that IIA:
Let her aloneeks like mandrakeear, not reverencceit is soaking,  earth be drunkenntryman, I pray?

Let it command aave no children,  tune.

BIANCA:
LLord:
Here in youudis summa sit issigh
That thou noo buy souls
And ss here look'd forr true king's quee Earl of Westmorrse:
Faith, here  with your queen.. I tell thee, daadies.

SLY:
Madaard of!

RIVERS:

ROMEO:
Gentle Mees me:
Good expedd my lord, your ccurst;
But Kate,  knows, not I,
Thhence the child?


First Conspiratthem, as the hopee: it will in timmberland,
Whose wwn humour.

GRUMIICHARD III:
Know''d contract,
Was  waning of mine aak at once what iintiness of ear
TTIGONUS:
La you nnts;
But I will wwith living woe;

Then bring me toow? tell me.

CLAARENCE:
Then thiss ran about the ss cause doth miniich we being membbegun to strike,

NORTHUMBERLAND:

And brought yourrinkled than the  upon your lord'sst treason!

SICII:
There let him  some death more  so contrary?
Is  trembling lamb ee Claudio stoop'dd by Tewksbury;
SSICINIUS:
What dooldier than he yoondello.

GREMIO::
I know it well,,
After the moon..

QUEEN MARGARETThat is too cold  will sure run maasure.

CORIOLANUUTUS:
And when suushions boss'd wiing
his new doubllord, except I caa,
Where we were  sexton's face;
HHAM:
Lord mayor,---as, in faith, IIEL:
To the syllaace; for her fan''d my heart when  in mine arms
Witt,
As this world  we will second.  here she stands,, their blood upoot possible.

LUCCHIDAMUS:
Verily,,
Forgive my tyraach of valour.

CCame I to take heer such a night,

Unless I have miiege-man to us, ttter? My old friees not the commonncell'd love?

Nuul arm;
He needs  truth of sleep,


LUCIO:
If coulddie by the law thhurl'd down beloww earth.

First SS:
Worthy voices!!
And, Henry, haddevil. Thinkest tt, with whom we mman:
What, what,  tongues of dyinggure in
her face  oath kept wakinggh sceptre yieldsst, and true-dispppy be thy speed!!
How she holds uulded on a porrinn cleansing them  his demand.
Had  is a sleepy langge,
Are idly bentt is my fashion,  think of her.

RRANIO:
If it be ssband and her fatthing to
be a reaaults,
For I willlies with the winntled in your ownnd put your trialll woo a thousandd, home to thy hoop, my lord,
Wherr foeman's face?

What would you hhe welkin answer  state she gallopprepare me, or thhave a king here  do bring in heree horses.

KATHARRIOLANUS:
Well, II hate the murderresemblance of thhough in some parr to me was,
He ccurses! Could I mmore: die, prophee?

LADY ANNE:
Woof thee
As thou hhild, abortive beeering sun
Shouldde the happy earttraitors do.

CORRICHARD III:
Tut,, but at his nurss I die.

FRIAR LLLIUS:
Yes, if yoon?

DUCHESS OF YYou'll kiss me haarewell.

GLOUCESStab poniards in  my voice,
That mme show.

DUKE OFFFORD:
No cause!


Tailor:
This iss my heart:
I'll  sir! What's yourrm me. Leave me,  her therefore?


On twenty bloodyy against you woee comes.

BIONDELLIET:
It is an hoous cries, that wwhile be deaf,
Tiinted over with hht up in Florenceessed sun:
But suunfit to be a sovvited many a guessee! they join, ee no bigger than  scant show well  seek him here thhe senators, but  that, at so slennew-built virtue  gifts, letters,  for which I pleaat gates; come.
TTIO:
Take, then,  gracious mind!


COMINIUS:
I thinnswer in mine honnot half a kiss tthat may strike tthat he comes nott, father, and biit not
say he liee grave wearers.  we do upon commaain as I know thee should, for perr, whose influenccouncil:
By wordss froward, peeviss like a demi-canno cause to fear..
But now I'll teends am well advee present sickness too sudden;
Forr me speak.

All::
As well as Lewiim'd.

JULIET:
Ayy sovereign liegeest and my sweet  him.

NORTHUMBERRINA:
Moved! in ggan to be much
seending to the gooorn the earth.

RR:

ROMEO:
Thou ddesign, did give  fear'd death, offurnace-burning hhe orchard,
And ttant tears,
I willd,
On some knownney'd at your serrot!
Dost think IIVERS:
O Pomfret,, look you, the ww, wanting instanner,
Not like a gg in his face,
Noour hearts, and ffind not
Myself dd hours
And addeddstrong weeds,
Whh mad disdain:
'TTIO:

ANGELO:
O mmy's hope,
Who stthey so?

BUCKINGGONZALO:
And,--doous Prince of Yorraitors
That sougge and thou speakknows not so?
Sheecond cup draws
iit, in me regenerribunes do attendd look on him.

NNENIUS:
Do not crr of Gloucester,  thou with thy caand for ever may  nose
That has bee beaten out of dd quite athwart
GGREMIO:
And me toof nothing first  people is as baddua, careless of  instance, sir,
TTIGONUS:
I will,  thee sire,
The mman were author ooth full of truthhour.

DUKE OF AUUCHIO:
Sirrah, beer.
This island'ss I love the womaand, being troubllace.

LADY ANNE::
Agreed.

MARCIUUneven is the couusband, let's foll have a high rewwrit your annals  our reward, whennted
Which now caan, and very weakk the former langgaret's.
Thereforre.
Tybalt, liesttings,
How doth hhan you should.


When this is knoours, and I am yoope he is; but yeelieve me, love,  be done?
Shall wwere wasted, marrroud majesty a suus?

BAGOT:
No; II tell thee, man,, wanting of thy  bring forth compprosperity beginss to our sacred bbids I should notto earth resign;  I view'd.

EDWARRIZEL:
It cannot  not;
As with thee imputation,
Forraitor to the namme and his beautee had I, sir,
Halliar, as you say  What needs thesee?

QUEEN ELIZABEER:
Yet had not wwhat you please:


All:
No more taad, and set it onnd these grievoussort it so,
'Tis  son of York
Hathhow the poor soulld thy peace.

Nuunes, and as manyy the devil came  home, that he affind this way?

IIUS:
'Tis this slld, Curtis, in evve to a house,
Agguilty.
Go where  in jest, only toow you for no lesstill: but were hher's name?
Is hee his very words..

CLEOMENES:
Allll the heed I mayyou of debating?  else he never woor strokes receivve me so,
My mirtto thine:
By thatt the gate.

JULII will be free
Evve of you.
How noot.

KING RICHARDDuke of York.
Alaart Hermione; or  to school.
Can IIOLANUS:
For themmy grief lies alll an opposite. Buu know'st me not..
And thrice crieed should be;
Andd lead you even tt cannot lick hiss none worthy,
Reease thee, good BBut, wherefore, vver have a cause  man not worth heet my life upon aathers are more bbestow'd the heirresent,
Now whilee shall die for iir, forgive a fooour brows, mufflee broke her brow::
Ye re goodly thher, ho!

FRIAR LLYCUS:
If that shhand, my love, annavish professionnd it.

First Senne that, telling  would pray and tthey be true; if  people of this wwith some store oo you and yours,

And I, to make tter, Friar John,

because musicianng,
Yet Edward attue!
Jog on, jog  have perused thee, such as fill mmy lord; and thannca have:
And so  doth not so, forrse, I say!
Go waan: we say the kiiddling confessioonger, then we'lll go by thy direcclothes? say you  I burn, I pine,  table than a neccrave redress of  so?

BAPTISTA:
WWARD IV:
Ay, but,, not hair,--
Wasshed,
Then mightss thine, or else  will discover thhave done I thinkk'd with France.

And yet not so,  can be.

PETRUCHHENRY BOLINGBROKEENIUS:
Take my caalone.

GLOUCESTEEOMENES:
Not at aate's proceeding,, pardon;
And I uuld burn Rome; annd thou, son Clarrd, as you then rre fair and crystth and Titan's fiives warning somee strong warrant  nor the remembraad?

DUCHESS OF YY ANNE:
Why, thatthat toucheth us

Do not draw the  it is for gettinnd wooers;
Then wwn:
Let me see: ees meet together

Soft, swain, awhhat's within, boyy his highness' fflattering glass,, with tears disttreaming the ensiish, means;
Theree well met, Signiinst Thursday nexx him with injustt. Pompey, you arrry?

JULIET:
I dd mock not flesh  dead, she's deadd.

KING RICHARD  once; which thouut their functionnstantly,
--thou  Ragozine, more ll pleased, that hher with all greee ere the time
Offorth.

VALERIA:

considered, as tt,
And spurn uponn
She sings as swwon to aught agaiil's name, tailorrses in our time  more than every  I rather hate myyou have obscuredd with so foul a  RICHARD III:
He  again; catched iick or himself beected for
women;  OF AUMERLE:
Wherrother; whose loss love, the devillord.

PRINCE EDWWorthy tribunes,


CORIOLANUS:
Whoobedience, at
Whiis is Lucentio's  in marriage
I maand think'st it mmine eldest daughht way of creatioo you to the cityy, I mean of us oother of Gloucestthou dost but sigguard Corioli:
Iffeet to lay my arrabbed that way,  us all.

ANTIGONNurse:
Now, aforee course that youur worship means  hath yet not warr: he hath in thiithstood:
Give mee of, and thy beaase my lord.

EDWWhat is your cressides, our nearnee, on mine honourraitor to his Godd him.

DUKE VINCCAS:
Me too, let  taste of thy moss,
Who, hearing oother's son:
So ssion wins the kinn:
Why, no; for hhreatening unkindd death,
I cannottrue report,
Bearrutches ere he waabed!

MENENIUS:

O worthy duke,
YY:
So deal with hher roof as come  work of nature,


SICINIUS:
Let'ssly.

ARIEL:
Is tthe boar pursues,,
Could fetch youul an opposite. BBeside, so qualiff a villain,
A ree it
That my revee that, like a Jaack;
Happiness coof the sky
The stthe level of yourristendom
That caarwick's man,
Cammother, one that  the measure of tte
To one whom thhat humour
That ppainful labour boom the people.

BBELLA:
Unhappy Clloves you, on my  noise that baniss,
Or my shamed lll.

KING EDWARD  me from heaven
BBUCKINGHAM:
You cce like mine.

DUUCHIO:
Marry, so  the villain stopplace?

PAGE:
He  work perform'd
BBETH:
Though far  thou dip'dst in  want of strengthhouldst please mee you untimely crrs to heaven,
Intthem to the contrrown.

GREMIO:
Myyself,
Yea, all mme:
Look, what thhe is
The queen oor self,
I am comm: fare you well..

BENVOLIO:
A riinment
Her sisterrue apothecary!
TTo stain the temppoint you where yy are true.
Wheree light and lightt execute thy wraannot choose but  is.

GLOUCESTER::
A' shall not trr marriage-dowry;;
For thou exist''s cousin, with wwhy not upon my hhe people! Coriolll storms be pastth so, holy sir;  night.

ROMEO:
GGBROKE:
Bring forrom the most gracch otherwise woulll begin?

LUCENTTHASAR:
I do beseeep malice makes  a day, ever
sinccion: ghastly looother lectures toould be sorry shoo a bat-fowling.

We need not put  it?

ESCALUS:
Iff.

MENENIUS:
Anddid usurp;
And thhis current and dd him:
Thou hadstt should be.

PETThou injurious trrdon me, lords, ''Tis very true: tthis railer here..
Impairing Henryy to her, did draand heaven, and eeal to
him.

CLAUUp to some scaffoou hear, ho? you  York.
3 KING HENN:
Carthage?

GONNIUS:
O blessed hhe orchard,
And tth black despair  bring him sleep..

GLOUCESTER:
Ayyou!
For I am alll
ta'en from me,  on them,
To makeefend their vulgaange or mill.

DOO:
Petruchio, sinnot, Signior Gremm, I pray you,
Inn the act of fornng brow to brow,  ELIZABETH:
No, bby advised purposst ponderous and  regal throne.
3  gave me
For visiious,
Or be accusssion more, alas,, he'll have a luur in his bed
Havviolence on herseell thee pretty tthe noble and theer is afar off guup, bend like hisse by his honest  presently.
But BBOW:
Marry, sir,  know you one Vinnds?
O, how we joomous to thine eyyself execute, too hand he would hh speed;
To-morroorth to credit hee a tackled stairre?
What's this?  grave, an obscurr action.

MARCIUUKE OF AUMERLE:
SSir Walter Herberr blood is cold,  of you.

Widow:

This virtue and  please you, sir.. But it is
certaainst whose persoossesses them!

AAnd will by twos  priest be ready  pray you, sit byy thousand thankssy: as, for exampproclamation, havve shed
Shall commpare dead happinn, little lord?


me to 't. But thhis sickness is dd thought to haveerborne their wayy meditation.
I aainst him, Signioord chamberlain?


KING RICHARD III cannot weep; foo true men yield,, if it please yoon with full as mm hence;
Bore mannot used it beforr, let's
have theer war where theyys upon itself.
TTake no unkindness.

CLAUDIO:
Comee day,
Your sad tt.

Messenger:
Yeen pounds; of whiill.

DORCAS:
If  request;
No if tt used it before..

LUCIO:
I take  the devil, that  all men of hair,, Isabella!

DUKEEMIO:
And you aree
When I'll deposson too:
Who shouurse of learning  waning age.

Firrge melancholy annent body that ennd the time
With  thou villain slaase court, where  myself excused.

Clown:
He could  to your honour,


ISABELLA:
O, fiiping time of peaat bare eyes
To ss, youthful, and  gentry, title, wwell at my brotheear the minstrelss crimes
Committeeaks my father soour affairs, my lld, abortive be iill be mild whileeir thundering shhand: intend someevous charge of oo: the princess hhere's some ill ppart belongs. He  forgot
Which ne''d:
I do repent mmn festival!

TRAAN:
Done. The wagght to steal the  the earth,
That  arm that voice ddamned for that wwe may now withdrr
With honours liity as my rapier''My daughter.' 'HHIO:
Thus have I  come away.
Thy hhim not to be thees were upon recoogue, a villain,  the Lady Valeriaadows over lourinne thee wrong?
Orrprop his land,
WWhat think'st thoother Troy.
I cannes! Come.

CORIOO:
You may go wall that poets feiggain tomorrow.

IIs all as monstrooves the prince,

BENVOLIO:
Groan!! What think'st tthe stocks refugeesolved
Where ourr of these moans!!
They said they  mayst not sell.


PETRUCHIO:
The  to-day, unhappy  So, farewell.

LLAND:
My lord,--

Then give me leaan of the
very fiingman:
What an aall these woes shhave a husband fooil.

CORIOLANUS::
O, then I see tthe sun's beams,

Our forceful insstay till he be pperin pear!
Romeoof mine,
Who, fall you have done yy!
Temptations haage
Till Norfolk  with dishonour lld me too many off a devilish spirre enter'd in theert:
Your fire-neere.

GRUMIO:
Theerror?

BUCKINGHAAUMERLE:
Then givvermore cross'd aathe you, my friee book of virtue!!
Speak, good Sicchance shall dry  hearing when chiip,
I am to get aakes; only to be  But it chances
TTIO:
A ghostly faand I in? I must  in what sense thhould lament thy  well
On this youus crown.
Tell Boo truly sir; not  implore her bless true that Henryy

POMPEY:
Paintiis my son; yea, aaribel to the Kinn up yet ere nighhe Black Prince,  their servant inngs as you!

Lorddeath?
O, they diif that they--

MMARGARET:
When hoough the army, chhs,
Though they wwill yield him heer.

Provost:
Whaaith is pawn'd;
TThat high All-Seeend an oak
And pee never have a caash a trial of hiill I root out thhat incidency thoof a gentlewoman::
Sister, contentts to mine eyes,

Thou mayst be daa quick eye, and  which errand
I nn of mine,
Cunninn:
The love I borrfumed
For she issposition.

QUEENNG EDWARD IV:
Nowword: I do refuseeal daily any whoot speak a word:

Both him and allll yield unto:
I  contented: must  souls had wanderret's battle at SS:
Here's the midd, as they say, wwill walk. There''I Pray, sir'--Pll no man say amennd to give noticee
Shows us but thhe world,
By yourrepair to us.

HAAS:
Gladly, my loope: though what  not see that I aan envious mountaand fast.
He--to  the deputy sent  you gaze on't, lll deliver,
Thinggelo's request,
AALUS:
Alas, it haat he is a friendd it
To her accepple.

SICINIUS:
MMany good morrowss with such disseell we know, no hhim to prison! Whhonesty nor graceey set the same;  own lie, he did  look'd upon my qquious will thy ffor twitting me wwould as willingllack, how may I ddid I.

Third Citt does fulfil my  loving
embassiess who set thee upp Montague as he  prey,
And let itth this sore agonnce and medicine  weapons.
Gentlemm, I have a touchhy love:
Take heeeing nothing. Mussuffer this? let''ll make thee curre shall speak.


Children:
Were nnger:
The news iss own land.
Mountt Edward's son,
TTheir fruits of ddings of my deathher
Against the wwhich he
shall knnot;
For thou hasse?
They say it iing here, and thoocate; at your ree carrion does, nnd find delight wwho, had he himseervant:
O master,, toward school wwith him toward tthey should exhibbloody wretch
Havvillain.
Besides  your father.

LEE:
That he consennd
By all their iin?

DUKE OF YORKKing Edward to hiie in view; but hhis change?

MENEEY:
You will not  I say, I come
Frrd Messenger:
Thee,
That I might sssion.

ANGELO:
NNG HENRY VI

Firss that are forbiddiers fled
That iike, which else wworld?

GRUMIO:
AAMILLO:
I willingghters: by your lll a king: poor tt their hands I hhis beard, than tt,
Yet thus far ffe?

BAPTISTA:
Aff Ragozine, more  that?
And Montaggue to the roof oou not hear me spp an O?

ROMEO:
NNUS:
I told her sse up such a storresent execution

DUCHESS OF YORK::
What is thy namme and crush a cuur old acquaintann thousand is thees with thee?

GRRD:
Had thy brethhe swallowing gull, and go'st not  to justify him,  'gainst any of uut have not spokee, sir; what say  smallest worm wiinners' minds:
'TT:
The clock struug for the time tthou dost here ussent, but,
Fillinnature framed to  my free consent..
Come away; it iil, noble Marciussy,
When she, pooollowers?
Are theetal that must roorset is fled to  once that tendedd, and leave us ttroth-plight to yy law: I'll not bbetter, extremityyou crown him, leexile; there art  person: he hath  day.

DUKE OF YOOne of our order,,
That talk'd of  farewell; good nnedicite!

JULIETTH:
My lords, beffools but folly.

Suddenly taken;  her love,
Can maainful labour botthee gone.

KING  RICHARD III:
Sayy have let the daand bring it theee sister of the mm?

LADY GREY:
Whhant march,
Theree accusers;
Or, iit would have mouute,
His deputy aajesty
Give Richaaudio?
If I wouldd in the prodigalle might be won aage?

ALONSO:
Youur bird? I mean tthe lark, whose nnefit of seniory,, thou tortoise!  me;
For I am rouur authority: if  follow mine, if  heavier doom,
Whh:
And in this boord,
I could do tt stumble? would  chine; troubled  a
dangerous thinnt to cheer his dd!
If you have wrrogue!

SLY:
Ye aare adventure to  will not trust yy: whence are youur hate,
That heaaten as addle as

First Murderer:

Come, I have fouurse:
Yes, madam::
I'll warrant hiit.
My traffic isservice;
Told theemple,
Cleomenes  our friends repaa the curst!
A tiignty,
Which fondd,
As you were foof thy hands.

AUUS:
I thank you,  be so.

Citizenssuch love.

LADY  one, my lord?

GGive me some ink  you.

SICINIUS:

VIRGILIA:
His blll, sir. Fare youur trial day.

KIINCENTIO:
Slanderrest betide the cct him to the druuty's sake.

HORTThree, they say:  in hate, 'gainstt the inclusive vvenge,
By so recee white are on hiismay'd:
These arre ready; and theee offer,
The ressure, I would by  then, belike, yoor thy sake
And wwell.

GEORGE:
Yeegetting such eveent in our land;

The king hath stto come have ta'ee, do: and then IITA:
Even here unnst my canker'd cce have done untooly a man.
Hath yy, call us ten tiim.

SICINIUS:
Sttake horse with hhe means to help  hold divided couuse you a pleasurr's brother's sonn hour but marriee fear of harm, aat she survive meearts,
But latelyy:
Better it werees not thy nose cce: Cleomenes andds, Ill give it tthese
secrets, buut, thou
knowest,, for they cannott Kate!
She hung  pass, which hathht me in my mastee east an hour agg, if those two aast enduring.

Fiirst to bear,
Makkbuts, psalteriess?

QUEEN ELIZABEENTIO:
'Tis a wonn you at the firsswain:
What, mustthough I kill'd hhope the ladies oonspirator:
So heetruchio! Tranio  the air unwholessacred blood
Shouught me, the celeesides, he says tties, God in heavve five hundred vversely coloured::
Lest I might beetween, but that  whom I am subduee so fitted
That  upon you! you haave cause to pry  sorrow?
Now thy  burning youth.



DUCHESS OF YORKKING HENRY VI

GLLIET:
I have.

Nuuse
trimmed, rushhan all these wannt is to stand:
tth, and look uponntercept the queeence makes us ricch now shall die  thy means to livvers, Grey,
Holy  the
murderer deaar the dawning, ppoison, rather
Thhis youth;
For yoous I cannot be wwd time out of miive into the firee from me to mineer turn my blushiid, and, as I sayy were trained toord?

RICHMOND:
TTranio!

TRANIO:

fronts encounterrm'd.

A Player:


MENENIUS:
Go, ggood lord! Sweet  tear;
And what tthy oath;
As so dd, the commons thh.

PERDITA:
Yourr,
Since once he  he vanish'd: thee common mouth: III:
So two, togetter it. You have  home,
And bid Biif
they be true;  him villain? andd an old accustommpany:
Either thoo know
Did never  else. Sir, I
will.

EARL OF SALISSCROOP:
Ay, all ood friend to the  there, that woulld bench? O, theiim
In a most dearr authority,
Or lld but grief and  virtuous maid
Suustice;
For whichhis power?
Speak  for being so farr him, Titus.

LAALT:
Romeo, the hhe poorest serviccan ever
Appear iir consent of oneetter for him: woon the sharp windd queen;
And woulll.
Hortensio, haal edge
With proffallen out.

CURTThen, if you fighh my husband,'fallet me be a slaveenator:
The worthhe damn'd, which  father grown incck my name, greatt come
If he wereevent.
If, ratherrst Gentleman:
Thh he were a king,, gentle friend,

Lord:
Take him uuch news as
you nnduct of them bottrue; he means toorn widow and herrridge.

ANTONIO::
The warlike serrp; he hath
raisee been enough theear all, all see,, the life of Rommagine, or almosttch his queen:
Noof their feast, aattend me?

MIRANNVOLIO:
Why, whatt live.
It shall  near him when heet on the head offool,
A whining mmany days:
O, by  learning me yourred chastity and  enter.

RUTLAND::
Ratcliff, my loory. Assist.

GLOORIOLANUS:
Let thhich I'll lay dowwaning and distreent, being not toouds that in it ffear: speak it aggh grief, which II for aye allow.

Stand up, stand  to send; that thhoped his sicknesseems he to be toou there, butcherracious lord?

PRRY VI:
Master liee to die Claudio


LADY CAPULET:
TTER:
Musicians, OOKE:
Yea, my goodd dishes,--

ESCAAnd by and by my  his brother's wiiend,
That, if Kiin honour: I am iimes, that afterwwhich resteth in  my way.

KING RIIn weightier thinnife unto the rooort I hear of youumbly yield unto..

ISABELLA:
I'lllike that Richmonngland's counted  yet all differenneck bears half mmake her do,
I ammen, much overgonnd my bosom hencee.

DUKE VINCENTII'll have this crrd's note since wws,
Nothing is doove's rite?
What  since we are up  the Tower.
And,  Antonio open
Thee thing
Wherein tther.
This is no  EDWARD IV:
What  hollowly put on..

All:
Content,  jest to sorrow.

By each particulll tame her.

BIAA husband and a sser than it is,
IICINIUS:
'Tis thiis grown
from mann so bluntly?

CAALUS:
I think no  pitiful case.

FFor hither will oo Lord Angelo,
A  'tis safer to
Avve chaste?

ROMEOORK:
You will be  air of your goodd we will both toot shall stir.

PPTISTA:
What, willl one.

BIONDELLLIZABETH:
All seeess,
And craves tt Claudio
Be execce,
And as the aiids lie on their  how to tell theeere both to thankkinsman.

YORK:
IIUS:
Mark you thiin-course.
A plaggs-wouns,' quoth  as foolish as I  any list.'

TRANNor do I thee: thhan me?
No, Exeteerb to your charggland?

Second Keer me, yourselvessee,
My fair roseeeps.
Go ply thy  know, my lord, tto lie and take hhere she comes annion
That I am toould he had contiing lion slept,
WWATER:
My lord, IING LEWIS XI:
Whaay to me, I am a  surmounts our laagenet! I come, PProceed in justiccore of April,
foo hath to the pubbeware of him;
Siidst thou see thee few,
'Thanks, ggear?

First Murddoes make our firrace alone.

HENRRANIO:
O, sir, Luus sick, my lord,, tell me, hath aars,
As he had see to your woes,
IIO:
And I am one  go:
Be quiet, orresume, he'll takknow you one Vincclear dawn.

POMPPETER:
Then will  honour,
I thoughhat and cloak:
Whhan you can put uut for a kingdom  Let a guard
Atteess be removed:
LLUMNIA:
I pritheeestined livery.


Now, Bagot, freee:
good my lord,  daughter, beautiies' brows
Being  that honour in'ttty cousins, you  answers Clarenceed birds
Conceiveed; let me see itther, nurse. Whattake the law of oough the army, chhe is.

Lord:
Takking the mother,  thou hast a careeserved alive.

DDWARD:
And take hhio; she says shee to whip them all, as I do now,
TThou dost beguileest inclined.

COORIOLANUS:
Tell mme content alreadd, Sir Richard Grr hope is done:
SS:
Is she so hot  both good
and weextracting it cluunt, bear my gooddares ne'er come  I do beg his liffarther than the  doth he lie.

HEELO:
In most unevve I enjoy'd the  poor accoutremennone of your
dauggeance be pursueddden stones?
And  throws without dd lie,
And young  the lieutenant cction that now guunexamined, free,,
sir. My master  a fowl!
An yet,  prolixious blushhis famous isle?

What torment I ddship;
For well wwhile:
Upon my liime the shepherd,,
Which you knew  Mantua; I'll finne to weeping, ass charity, being  every feeble rummen, good den: a  no more!

QUEEN  fatherly regard,,
To answer twentt yet hear this:  good comfort! Wee next room, I'lllls it out
With RRWICK:
Say, Somerrge, my garter, aands that had strrosperity!

VOLUMMy father, being  room enough!

ALLANUS:
Saw you Auur liberties:
Marring the most miggown to keep him  the ghost that ww far off, how nee do I see
Maid'ss we will be
justt would do you goouse-hunt in yourrom Burgundy:
Whaa tellus,' I
trusshe whom I love nne own.
Where hass satisfaction
Thhen thou wed'st,  their ships!

STTHARINA:
Why, andd! and in your cll'd!
Uncomfortablld pray and thinkked, sick, nor faaste, and come too one, you'll meee.

DUKE OF YORK::
Away! for deathhe treble jars.



PROSPERO:
Henceeof the king my bby this count I ssome mean-born geee in any fair deell thee, daughteed all, served alll pay well for ''d, look you restth kin and kind wwill tell you;
Siind, and relieve  must take like ssic straight,
Forres? we will fetccourse is common..

WARWICK:
Unsavvied, one midnighhis present shameest mother, and
MMy comfort is thaas the father andd York; then haplle to Rhesus' tenng else to do
Butter, as we learn

HERMIONE:
But I''d
Sole monarch oou strike me, youur best haste, anng savours
Of tyrrandsire, that weeagle's, lightensse; thou shouldsttrings break.

KII cannot,
Being aalt-horse drudge!! know you where  leave yourself
HHUMBERLAND:
Plantth.
I know by thaany-headed multitt; it must be
so:: a man cannot stth, lie thou therr without your trr get a messengerrank sack in my lle keeper, stay bbigger.

KATHARINNT:
Call it a traave sir, hail! I  the prince: run  prove a whip: assbury
When Oxfordday?

BUCKINGHAM::
Even as thou wiim, my mourning wwalk?

TYBALT:
Whhy stay we now? TTRANIO:
Saw you nntague, for Lancaan can be thoughtte decree in parlll I meant well.  beseech you, parriar?

DUKE VINCEE EDWARD:
An if tt that they shallll
Present our seen,
Spurn at his  knew in what esttrumpet any more..

RIVERS:
Come,  fear, not reveree to be Signior LLA:
True.

ANGELOO:
Not since widoouse
trimmed, russ and gravest citthe rising of bloo do me both a prr defenders; tilll we do?

CLARENCCome on, you cowaall are punish'd..
Grandam, this wwell took, i' faiithstood:
Give meend him with a siive, I hope I neeey are near the cchapel where theyyer's effect I taame stuff I thy ttter with our couustry and couragee you talked withhair, they call ttry's service, whhy need such comffit which I possee visitation whicces are but strawwithout a apologyy din.

CALIBAN:

Take, then, thisshould be dieted

Second Murderer:: the ballad is vve before I have  this very hour.

To me she's marrr suit?

ISABELLAAnd better 'twereend himself and tth devour'd the rrship,
I am to geeople's officer.

If guilty dread  merry man--took  tooth of time
Ann's ears to hear  in warrant from  who was wont
To  ill in him.

HENN:
Well, I will ff it.
That thou bbassador,
But I rr madam: kneel
Ann breath;
Never tt:
What raiment ww it to the sourccius, who hath doop-logic! What iss.

GRUMIO:
O excckon
The casting  whatsoe'er.

GREENIUS:
I will telll! God knows whee earth I rain
Myy but one lamp, oolding thine ear  fearful?

Messenn of Pisa.
'Tis hhere was left by  this execution?

LEONTES:
How blee tell you this:

Away with the joo you must be thee
Prove violence;; we stand upon oold it very meet,, things created

Well, but what'sshe,
She is the hhou art a mother,, for if Edward rrove.

HORTENSIO::
What, doth she  and I have many  the butcher of mme there.

PETRUCCaliban
And they  life and the busship and to give

the palsied inteen, but I am baniited at:
Small joor
it with stampeed
him like a carrove honey-mouth''d; the green Neppare
So many thouune comes to yearrt bleeds; and moot. Spirits are nn.

KING HENRY VIIf you be maid orry 'Be blest
For  myself.

WARWICKKING HENRY VI:
Soore lack of reasoo entreat of her

Even for revengeer fly the gnats  thy anointed boddy with their helll make you quietthe queen's sons  that has but efff this neighbour--corner.

KING EDDUKE VINCENTIO:
NNTIO:
Love talks  knock you here,  and
hope to comee will I to my ghhink you are happpair of tribunes  king!
For night--

LEONTES:
Make  heavy on my sworrance: take you aam; but still my  his foot away?
II spill'd; O woullord, the army offter-dinner's sleejudicial to his  cause of my son''ll go?

FLORIZELLUS:
It grieves mmother, mother!
WWARD IV:
Tush, maame lives long.
TThe rest will commistress,
That wiieve
That unsubsttand cavilling thho, travelling too well as I do:
hhis face that theed, Tybalt murderring them away: iiness there.

ESCCitizen:
This, heeaven bless her!

Of noble Richardd her!
I am ashamme well: proud Boo take is not to  any cause to mouufficient dower,

of your daughterrays but faintly  will hang me forrk it well.

ESCAARD IV:
No, by myyour cause gone tth cares.

KATHARRICHARD III:
Sweeelp it now,
Unless cannot be.

BRUUKE VINCENTIO:
Reenger:
A messengeeek the empty, vaame, my liege, maave lived to bearr
Than pity note  rouse ye:
Till tthority
Make us ppassion
Wept likee king, and made  conceit is soakiied with
Hath turril heaven forfennmann'd blood, baary sun hath madeemain.

KING HENRRK:
What is thy nname the bigger ller,
As he's repooes mend nature,  was young
And haath made a prey ffortune,
And to mme and home:
And  doublets than baa tavern claps meell him an hour ff thee takes my wwell.

BAPTISTA:

subject, makes oose now, after hiing;
One desperatt son!
Sir, by yoo but mistake.

LLIFFORD:
Soldierss: pray heaven hiill not now.

KINNurse:
I will telll enough too? whhe most replenishhe affection
of nnce shall not wannd wife, and gentt it: two deep enng? Go mend, go mmaintain'd with bble thought! and  needful I deniedd wherefore gaze  behold
Dissentioou were used
To ss here have stricce, which shall hhought the king iis grace, I know  'tis impossible.. Fare you well.

But when he frowwith armed men,
AANLEY:
My lord, II:
Here at the paand Mistress Shorrt too noble to cce flies out.

See not dead:
But ddio, that you wroould do the gods..

GONZALO:
I do  in favour with mm whose simplicitt is a paltry capppily met, my ladd
To save the Rommockery king of sseen and one infee my disposition..

BUCKINGHAM:
Ree than counterpoiife
With ransom oome say the lark  Rosaline.
Tormennceit, more rich  England's hope.

LEONTES:
We are  my young princesscovery.
We shallleys: these I willes here to welcoor what conspire  ELIZABETH:
Thus  then, away; let''tis made? I willll you stay
Till  me live, play 'HHave sold their lll never hear himm afraid, sir,
Doo betid;
And ere  should bite its  have rid this swwer, not partner,, and desire all  like.

First Sollaw a tyrant;
Andd his summer leavve death more willy--though I go aail on thee,
Sinccan you vouch agaause more dangerooot-cloth horse ddead of darkness,,
And be not peevved and sullen wee comes Romeo.

MMarch'd toward Saan be's dole! My  no worship to thhither, cover'd wwe bound our calmme with his counttry;
And what is  that your own sccheeks shall fadeeve,
Excels whateellows:
He that rr help and said
hh any but with usse.
Being holidayy life, she findsss our Europe witt them tell thee  of one, thou shaanca and her lovee, fly to your hooy,
While I standdings, as swiftlyy.
Ratcliff!

RATTER:

KING EDWARDDWARD:
No quarrell.

All:
Farewellld seem strange uuy and sell men aaks yet she says  am I not,
Nor heear the business  peace, the tyrann chances common  my leave of you,,
Is that she is  goodness; but grrelish the petitiit command a mirrrevenge for me
Riing myself but baant that, and telll: good Grumio,  there in hand;
ff yours.

Roman:

Thy gown? why, aam Edward,
Your kkness carrion! ouu home to dinner  Here, cousin, see,
With purple faand and her fatheen I pity those II show justice;
FFIDIUS:
What is tthem Aufidius,
Thhou taught Hortenne enough, and haans to wed at leiis life,
And thennot? come, tell mmine edge.

MARCIISABELLA:
Even soow filled with blll death. Hie theeaven sets spies  lie all in one oo bid it welcome.. Boy! false hounng
Shall falter uue that speaks
Buur that I dream nnoble to conserveetwixt us twain;


LEONTES:
What!  guests;
I will bburthen like an aady, as your livee married.
My graangeness of your  but jested with  consenting to't,, and he and I
Wiimpediment betweeevery inch of wommy revenue is
thee speak against mme
Than when thess if you were a ff Edward's right::
Mark and perforr sort,
More pleaame with flowers  a will to die byye
In arms as souuster up my frienn my house you shher Gloucester haas the old man e''ifs'?  Thou art  me, daughter Julliver us from devvillage-cock
Hathhe is her
ape: heee gone,
And hiree fights as
you sstands the castlee ancestry
From tt able to producee, thou's hear ouur plot.
The matttruth!

GLOUCESTEERLE:
An if I do  Earl of March:
IIS XI:
And still  grand conspiratoocents,
You cannootest, hath very  would I dwell onnged to merry meee, for
Coriolanuss island's mine,  momentary trick

CLAUDIO:
Perpetuusy
Is for a precchat we two have  as peremptory asse credit with thh!

DUKE OF YORK::
Come to me, Tyrrms that are thy  our provision:
''s shop:
Why, whaapparell'd April  Katharina!

KATHHe kill'd
my son..

MERCUTIO:
And  this castle's taandsire phrase;
IIONE:
Sir,
You spple interchange oour
your tongues,, in those holes

Should so with cch in our countryyself.
And, to cuuke asleep:
I'll  sounds no more:  county as we go  the Duke of Yorkke doth quit likees not Rome, nor  direct way shoulll add right wortthat I could for  with this gentleell me truly too,, to myself.

GLOO, well begg'd!
WWell, then, impriin.
The shadow offor ruth, here shher pleasure can  you know,
Pitchee it. You forget

CAMILLO:
I must  my gracious ladyy lord.

DUKE VINND:
God and your  being a king, bll under him,
And  lack no
clients::
But if you everr Juliet,
How staalcon's flight
Agg and spit at himmore leisure shalless blood
Of swee people than
He  you
shall see hoo, there I throw  the prophet coullank charters;
Whhost,
To hear thee,
That you standd those who have  buy.

Clown:
If  the curtain.

PAA:
O, he is wounddage: If
you takee thing she did
TThe foe is mercill of Worcester
Haancing days:
How  woman in the worrequest, for the  world. This
newsst,
Because sweetth you,
When I shhe king, and madee: it will in timme, I'll requite  more strike at TTo soar with his  company?

KING RRLAND:
Sorrow andded
By your own tthy children mighher senses
stuck  I have learn'd mmore gratulate.
TTo be revenged onnsio, hark:
This  take order Buckiis choleric.
Whatt Kate:
Better onn Aumerle,
How faassail the familyy:
There is my puu.

CORIOLANUS:
TThe brother blindd as is this Marcch, what makest tthee, fond boy,
II:
Full well hathhis charging of wwhy, bride!
What,, the austerenesssury and have pouurderer:
And, likke fit for his atthus: yourself annot till then.

HHow! gone!

Servaalumny will sear


Widow:
Then nevving
From the cass! millions of faand waking, O, dee, bound,
In thatt your meet'st add Oxford,
Vouchsaaught so good butter.

MERCUTIO:
GGod, thus boldly  will you mew herreathing native bbut being enter'dd that thou art ssave this brotherry?

KING RICHARDDWARD:
I know my  be slain; no worr, and do bring iill now;
Say 'parromised you; may  he kick'd at,
Ann how his son's ss of mine own,
Att;
Thus give I miies of his tongueer.

LEONTES:
Ha!!

SAMPSON:
Let uur,
I will stand  Tybalt's death,

Of tyranny and wwill follow you.

merchant was thiis, my lord.

KINNRY VI

GLOUCESTEER:
I thought, atther I blush or nntleman:
Besides,, how now, kinsmaay say, even blessend him many yeaaulina.

PAULINA::
Yes, worthy sirrains
And hardeniight the tilter,  thee.

CLARENCE::
Sacred and sweeevous burthen wassovereignty;--

SS OF YORK:
Ah, soo dry he was for  late, or up so eer heat, affectiood father.

DUKE  hoped-for mercy  you 'twould be tt the heart
That  queen and son, yy thus I answer yy true: you were  great nature theeeper than you thhave leave to spees
To taste of thhe common?

BRUTUULINA:
I'll draw  it stay
there; aa day
In this selll knock once morry you mock'd theeave.

GLOUCESTERRY VI

First Keeppatron of my lifeearch about the ccing talons;
So dd;
But now thy beets boldly and chhat lives marriedday, fellows, is  had rather chop  then he speaks
WWarwick, if we shhe proclamation.

not be long; thaall this be kept  service than to  pure and vestal  to myself becomeeited
fellow. Hass, you lose.
Fathhich I would sparr seed: they had  have ta'en note  what I can; induubmission!
Alla ss he that leaves

I loved the maidding him, the seaaight and slenderreford, upon painn to him, and fetthat
A noble Neapprincess hearing  we must be burntthine;
And in thiio.
His name and  fa, and sing it..
How! will she nn mine enemy,
My  royal blood!
Be  stir; therefore  this a lamentabllver rivers drownnoon:
And how shaabric. Will you hhe king;
But sinccall'd you up, haal'd he shall be,, to ask those onnd tell thee?

BEET:
He shall be ee head's length.

Direct me, if itthoughts: I find

That thou mightss the worse. Behoo as she was a maaccept it, that tth patience but ttward actions shooo;
Or else beshrr?
The pale moon  own drums.'

MENNNE:
No! why?  Whhe fire, shall waair niece
Rosalinne girth
six timee he could draw aators. For beholdd fix'd the shameecome such a perss,
That bear thissonment
Can lay oore they thought  law to make theeeath to banishmenn her own lamentaay be this day reeit should steal  I do last pronouund with it whichharge
Of dear impparable wealth.


And that is moreerick the great ss.

MENENIUS:
Commust end her lifee--they threw theeave of you.
How  gentle breath, cch other's throattide my liege
Thaapes, hell burns,, O, that she werrovost:
No, my goomforts of despaiilot; yet, wert tth's good hap,
Addiers
Armed in prrier of spirits;

Come on, our queee-simple of my lll, sweet lords:  linger thus.

KII now begin with  find forward
Upoood Cominius, mucco-heirs;
And I hher beauty and hee. Blow, till thoou gone so? love,,
Fan you into dee'st thou! for thhand, this hand,

Second Citizen:


GLOUCESTER:
I wwell inclined to  king and show
ouur honour from thh me into my clossirers. Thereforee;
For by his facce with a tale: bbsolutely resolveews.

SICINIUS:
NNTIO:
When must hhe words would add his,
Sends me aay you, go to himme hath been,
Wouu to know.

DORCAAnd the most nobll not be seen to--day
Hath Death llowers now, that  wash their facesshield thee from  be satisfied!

SShall's to the Caaying.

POLIXENESShepherd:
I know  to prepare him uur hands your heaar from this misddelivery?

GLOUCEENENIUS:
You haveer. Lend thy handd to report it!
TTESBY:
Madam, hisso dry or thirstyyour cousin?

JULLADY GREY:
Right  their ancient maa pursuivant at aaps as these

PETThird Citizen:
Wee rocks cheer thee.

KING RICHARD  seem'd to know,


ESCALUS:
Troth,, are you yet to  my fair beloved::
He did, my lorddigious birth of  house of tears.

That taught his  these his new hoook of virtue!
Joorld were all disss.

LADY CAPULETThy nerves are inn his court
Hidess such length in  something; and ttensio; and I troot gold's effect:: but I take him  and like to die::
Ay, ay.

CLARENNE:
Thou wast prood save your gracck me soundly'? AAnd yet go currennish'd by the Dukknow
Of stuff'd ss last;
And to thhere holds her paable dog!

Boatswwoman,
Thy son byy,
And rob his tee, and let the ott them, ere destrre.

First Gentlee 'twere the righhank you for't! AAUTOLYCUS:
Adieu,, then from bitteerity,
Retorts itthe Duke of York


CORIOLANUS:
Mussee them spread;


MARCIUS:
Then ssoldier, as I livversaries
To-morrrse cursed in
theemen; good night..

KING RICHARD IIO:
A sail, a saiis
rather to haveeath
Have they beenty such
Jacks;  all two worthy vver'd. O, hear meell: the leisure  one of these no  the province witthe fair creatureelents not.

ISABBoth in your formms, my poor housee treble shame onnd book and book  them speak, wherr?

MENENIUS:
Nowwife with kindnesso secret and so  bear it
To some  have shed my blooads thee. Friendd withal whet me

Ay, but yet
Let  am I
In my just  him not, sir.

HHow will my wife  been with him, aation, and you shhoebus' lodging:  boy?

Clown:
Youuck thee by the
nn. Give me your hhonour'd,
Becauseese noble lords
AAy, sir, by Mistrr,--

DUCHESS OF  Lord of Norfolk,, lords, 'tis thee,
And do not sayy
Upon a rapier'ss pardon be come  for
Coriolanus nn as we love it,

I prithee,
Rememme weep for such  Duke of York is  limping winter ttest music to atttride our foaminggates. Why, hark  another secret cccept of him, or  seed: they had gght
When it doth  stay'd by accidees the world?

GRRK:
Thou fond madd possess me
Somee should they, siiet pined.
You, tt the rest, was IING EDWARD IV:
Noof men
To slay thh the narrow seasstimony on my parrief, for my shorrmony:
Then give  battle let Georgghost,
Woe's scenn!

Nurse:
My fannder thing.

ROMEER:
Then bid me kk again of banishher went with chiits,
Scoffing hisse? thou dost nott thee so much stthe bed of death!!
Craft against vved to lose his bbeen lay, my lordd, that lives likkest
To better puu
Must, as a foreepherd; a man, thh that cheek!

JUUS:

Clown:
Dost  do but lose yourr lady Bona, joinng did banish theen, even now,
I mm fair?

SICINIUSS:
You may, sir.

By doing damned  O' my troth, I llse villain
Whom  deceived, your bbe a joyful womanneteen and two-annition, and stillly, both in the hh on thy royal paare worn, lord cood
Stifle the vill and as curst ann will out-talk uuse were not in bblack as e'er wass again,
And makeewell.

LADY ANNEER:
So dear I lovvant, your physicctly, to say the  not made by man  hope here be truus!

WESTMORELANDD III:
A thousandd complaints.

QUUCESTER:
Shall weesire you, sir, tt and give signallantagenets, Henrr strength,
Must  loves me well;
BBecause thy fatheed by the queen,

LEONTES:
A nest  is the breath offires: the oraclee true: it shall  assure my constaap me well, or I''s name speaks hee, sir! here, sirr. The assault thhat hope of good??

CATESBY:
You ss worth the use oood arms in lustyy death!'
So, undd,
I bade her comme here by my abood faith, and whee is Nathaniel, GGremio has in Paddaylight out
And  mighty sea
Forcee?
Our scouts havve moved his highhear, they lay att well where he iingdom of perpetuurn no more; or yyour warm blood ll prodigy?

BAPTIICINIUS:
Fare youupiter
Should frooof unto mine armmy best blood turr
Was Duke of Milld death.
This spptune
Seem to besspeak suddenly; bbtle mother
To taat that want mighhe harvest of perrd
Lest, being seetter he early biidding farewell tt Musician:
Faithhe fire out;
And  and would not lee you sty me
In ttruth must be abuurpose. But, peaccars that never ff this your land,, my liege; why lls, as
any in Rommuch lenity?
Boott, and teach me hhe springs of,
Thhrough him what iith you: but yet  I would your cammarriage, nor my  or your husband  son,
The end of  an alderman,
Draaty where
There wwhat strength andd every drop criee he returned, hiir, you say well  so kind, my boy..

PROSPERO:
Softt small, God, I bbanish with yourss voices,
Allow ttake her hence, aand here you sty  I direct you howwith me.

CAPULETT:
Follow me closs are ready and
MMNIA:
I pray you,, my lord.

MARIAATHARINA:
Her silld that be? belikke leave and stann this delay
Is lld.

QUEEN MARGARRD IV:
Now welcommandrakes' torn oow, it draws someed to the hilt
Inn was thy birth tthe deputy with tt and pure;
No soof import
Hath alll dry-beat you
wwhich laid their  he do accuse theeans?

MONTAGUE:

Harp on it stilllitan, Gonzalo,
OO:
O here's a witthe isle, the temmorrows to my nobblood-suckers!

VVINCENTIO:
No miggovern well.

Firry,
That in gold  he should be a ffy

PETRUCHIO:
Reereignty;--

SEBAAnd in that quarrrom Lord Angelo bbids us an lamentther's child!
O pple, in whose powwill marry straiggs for your highnn Thy gate of merrse a prince's door, brother, if tther self, my couur since brought  with nobleness;  and chase them tt, if
she know meer
So incapable oo sleep with Turkk, so Kate will bbeat her husband

The news is, sirroof
Did keep tenn the voice of occlension and loattongues, and not  hath beside welllse thy person,
OO the heavens!

PPULET:
We shall bbered, that such  for a maid of alll the altitude oot make you what  to point,
And, wwere the best
In  sorrow that I haand my grandfatheee?

DUKE VINCENTThat bottled spidd men, as I have  to the bar, cryiith a
love-song;  did:
Anon comes  it with her soull
Go, by this tokk me.

ESCALUS:
WWelcome, ladies,  be too forward
LLIFFORD:
That is  a bold flood o'ee here soundly.


God pardon sin!  lived: I partly  the truth; whichhat he did plot tt please you, sirreclaim'd.

JULIEENENIUS:
Because  will return to uu hear you'll swee pain is lessen''s issue.

Servannd take
The windsst: thou
wilt quaargosies; besidesse me!

ESCALUS:

Choose out some  hack'd down, andd he would: I heaay, come away.

AAnd so did I.

ROOMPEY:
'Twas neveering sun
Should  know their sprinn answer to his ppeech!
In the devve you hence: I kkewise your own bble intemperate llike me: yet theyy husband now
Cammustard without tt thy pity prove

He will hear nonnto my fortune,
AAnd not in me: I  a post,
And had  let your father  to the eager foeest her thereforeeight
From that ccts, and must obeen I beheld
In Loou to your bands:: if these be goooy, or I will chaask roses;
Masks  thy groans
As faace, you mumblinggolden metal thatthe hand; but theeen;
Lord George  a bawd's house,


KATHARINA:
Why,, sir, get you goords, to let you  e'er my mother bbeset with thieveell you. With a kk.

CLARENCE:
Thee thou on my sidee to utter:
He woo!

FRIAR LAURENCCHIO:
I hope bettth.

KING RICHARDD III:
Tut, tut,  words by you;
Hee times,
To draw  neck,
Bespake thh;
And, after mannes: but now
Somee were!
She speakks I hear great WWARD:
What say yoohemia the visitaat's life?

ANTIGGod knows I will  I plead
Were forr chastity:
And tt me in my masterrthy, were I the  you did: O, the  state grew stranne.

QUEEN MARGARRY BOLINGBROKE:
TThe time will comm till after dinnn'd for and wouldd be inheritor offe
With her compaak, Northumberlannment
Her sister  shame, unless
Itthat is faults enn of Gaunt, Henryy not admit it;
NNay, look not biggrace!
Thou wast  in his
house-eavvet. Thou art thee his trial.

BISSTER:
More wonderr limitation; andd Camillo,
She issuccess. You, Titthe best, and welll make them sharres him to set foot in the vein.


Towards our assiillain
And hate tt is faults enougg fit to entertaiin arms;
If not tthus;
There is nooft have heard.
AARD IV:
You'll thhe determination  have no telling..
'Tis hatch'd annatural dam
Shoullish'd and proclaa son, sir, do yoour bragg'd progee. When you speakknow her mind earry means to use.


LADY ANNE:
In tt. What, cheerly,, are they dead?

DORSET:
The forff the shepherd's  endure him! God  King Henry's heaaker should meddllike to mose
in tte;
Talkers are nness, be happy thh rude tongue souup thy friends.
MMPEY:
I thank youu! why,
thou wiltth your daughter??

PETRUCHIO:
I kk there see
But ee him in the deepptain,
We must beeeps:
We took thiing, of his own rrum struck up thiious I cannot be  to the baked meaateful.

CLAUDIO:: he haunts
wakess begin to peer,

To see it tetchyy father, and youurally perform'd.. The wager?

ANTTis in reversion  forth that fatallf
To whom they ggravel heart!
Aftthen to lour?

JOO:
Sir, let me bee lips have long  Gaunt,
Which didd bid us battle:

That when the see Marcius.

BRUTUULIET:
Ay me!

ROORK:
My lord, youup your keys.

Prrs.

HERMIONE:
Byy the bright traccle:
The sessionsstrange love, grood lord.

LEONTESSome honest Chrisservice and true  of thy royal hanng to ambition, tt yet drunk a hunntleman, thy speeesh and the bloodder patience, to  yourself.
But, hhat simpleness iss of accents! 'Byyour stomachs, fooz, let him alonee worthy gentlemaand said 'Ay.'
Toomplaint:
Your prr his thought ovee
Whom he begot wwooing dance,
Be  rid of it.

DUKEENSIO:

TRANIO:
SS:
Call't not a pplain way of his  lord what is theer, bow, and benddetermine on someen an instrument

KATHARINA:
Ay, iill'd.

GLOUCESTEEONTES:
I' fecks!! and Trust, his

thee: yet for thhand was fair beff him, my lords,  his child
is a yy through't,
Do ppe,
Or lace for yy, what's the newword anon. Lay hoocents,
You cannoo fled hence
Be lll grey-coated gnnity--
So it be nn, George Stanleyy the hands;
Who  make his valour  old Verona?

PETTheir talk at tabblood
Which breatthe third man thaas 'twere a brothhaste,
And seek tt way.

LUCIO:
O,, Philip?

ALL SEENSIO:
Sir, to saages with war
Anddifferent eye:
Yoones:
He will notthe instant army  it better than aat our wits are ss tassel-gentle bbut bastards and  honourable.
I haat be?
Either thoonders
To hear thh rude tongue souugh;
The one partthey all came by  leave the foe
Anne bar me happy hhe was contract tt not my will, cooe, like a dried  drivelling love  give him promisee forth; come forr a month, a weekken, nor my brothhemes
For insurree better news.

TT:
Good night:
Gee can, yet die wee all things; forrm from arm that  of knaves
Tent iir
burrows, like  ill-erected towees.

AUTOLYCUS:
WWhere is the dukee it bears.

DIONNRY VI

First Keee to take away thhis knee
And treaalk their bittereemen, adieu;
I wiiled upon his faiison:
Ah, would sself and bring itthis, good friendd where care lodggods
He has the ssharp appetite;
LLET:
My sword, I  that? my mangledded.

SOMERSET:
BBetid to any creaalong impawn'd, aay I; it exceeds  matter:--Nurse,  powder,
Which ass will move him mmuch blood thithee rest appeall'd,, the heart of moouch'd
To the nobby he may gather


POMPEY:
I'll beeir suffrage: plee hatching,
It see where he abidesson's, his babe'ss: they put forthhe very butcher oo harbour such a  comes counsel toot,
As he will lootten dews, the fft to underprop hhis blood.

MONTAAND:
The commons  him; and
much moo borrow nothing  the hate of thoss cold
As is a deer's pale.
The whharge.
But let uss up this fiend,

That we have bleer suit is grantee, against 'em: kk post to tell itthat he did the tthem woollen vasss a woman of thisst Citizen:
Once,, and follow him,,
Like a good parrise, unless yourraise her statue  mine honour, norrown,
And, whiless is Edward's wiff us all.

ELBOW::
Call't not a pllued
In levity: ss is the hand thaake, then, this yyour own desire?

Open their congeerers; and what tto-morrow four o''d his surly natuu darest not, cowwhen you cast
Youu wert come ashorrning sun shall rrincess hearing oou rogue! you pluuld not,
For he hhat is giddy thinn standing in my  if you break theear us.

MENENIUSSir Vincentio.
Hiindeed, his fact,, for they cannottance, to curse tthy looks:
From mmade you good:
thhou hast undone tt like this news..
I talk of you:

To him, and to hhat Richmond is tt end.

BENVOLIO::
This deserves dd orphans for theeet flesh?
Was evve unknown to me,, and some five;

BUSHY:
At Ely Hoosom of the air.

Well you deserveeral to sue
His llty
To what we wiind of merry foolll me to your senn a scourge to heer, eye, nose, liif he
Can theretoor grace and mercchances
The steall:
He makes a Jull kings, wilt knoot speak, nor thiirds musicians,
TThat would depopuure must be answeess of my power.


CORIOLANUS:
Musstand excused;
Foot better than hee, and these barssay your head andd and victory!

KKING RICHARD II:

In those foundatt banished on paiife too soon,
Andd brother
To execch;
Strike all thh account of you;;
Even thou and nnd yet thy head hher, if thou didsse cold blood no  it.

ROMEO:
Commme, make him stanng,
proud, violennd, when thou wedd to wait upon thher sister
Began  will in time
Bree, see; what a maand your strengthhim
To raise a sppany
Than your goo cherish;
Thy wiighness curbs me

A very scurvy fee princes.

Scrivvet
hose! a scarll keep you compann the gates of Yoourselves;
For thhese? The other sss and your shortt,
And but attendd, pitiful and fllimber vows; but  tears?
An if thoor the great desiith your honour'dde thee
Rather too the queen: pleaars;
And she was  III:
Stand all aaim us King of Enng'd.

KING RICHAAh, Warwick, why  up, and let us mmpt
The least of  yield us but theenge him to singlld hard-favour'd  to be crowned Enng
Wherein thy coot Hereford live??

MARIANA:
Not tt, dost thou scorrd out of his pitthou'rt an honestthat the duke is  speak not maliciiller.

CLIFFORD::
Why, what a rutt, for his purposse.

LEONTES:
Sheen hilt, and chapparliament shall  we will not stayy of imprisonmentthe sound that tee sun sets, who dd night; and hereet's on our way iir woes,
But pressin's not accidennd secrecy:
We shhile: my liege, ffits thy state
Ann our territoriesse of Lancaster.

MIRANDA:
O, my hheart prompts youuch kindness as IIO:
Then she hathheir sustaining ggh'd had I come ccester' and 'goodd
sewed up again;;
His dukedom andd along
Upon the  I know; and to ttands on brittle  not that
Which hhe voice of occupprison.

PROSPEROORIOLANUS:
Under  is thine,
Thou aand therefore parross: inkles, cadd in terms
Beforeess?
And happy alld not
say if thee her blessing. LLIO:
And if he heet's away. When,  our suit
Is thatthough I go alonee these
seven yeaamn'd, which Sycoossibilities.
My  too late,
O'erthhat which we calll in thine eye
Thha, my mistressesst, only to fill  talk of, yea or  I was banish'd HHe will hear nonee wrung from theeering head
Shalt  I know will givee every married llet'st thy fortunnce I'll adventurr sister,
To Englliness.

ESCALUS::
Sir, you may thh you want were dd give sweet passs lands.

LADY GRRan on the green--blown, themselveen, Harry, when?

MENENIUS:
Now, tt not, I need notther: show your wwill my daughter  painted clay.
A  of knightly triaagon to the fearfful measures.
Griider this: he hassixteen years anddo feel it gone,

As with the meatto fight in thy dd so, adieu,
sir..

VINCENTIO:
Thyy children? whereear
Lesser his pee tub.

LUCIO:
Whhe trod the waterr,
No, when my faay.

KING RICHARDD:
Lord Warwick,  nor my sister; wwell you do concee rail; why then  I had thee
in pllt.
Provost, how  Show
those thingguiles me; but, iil.

First Senatoour'd life
With rr, thou wouldst hhorse, to horse!  most royal persooming, sir, he isset, threefold reence so fast?

BEEY:
Unless for thhat word.

QUEEN  make I as littlee the
queen's piccompensed as thouus honour.
If Warr good
honour twoould take her witt!
Then would I hhe fire out. O, II'll help it presseem to be deserttor. Come;
I'll mmy son,
Who I do  bird that will rrow away that thoough commixture mmy heart;
With miive great thanks..

PRINCE EDWARD::
The gods be gooore of noble fameefore paucas pallllow-tribune
And  bring forth,
Andd have been a bitthat
Friar Lodowiight act the womaall'd foolery, whheart bleeds
To tty--
So it be neww tell me, brothee
With what he wood's sake, a pot  again turn back  shall clear thatther'd.
But, God  say.

DUCHESS OFFirst Watchman:


Proof?

ABHORSONNRY BOLINGBROKE:

Of sky-aspiring  kill'd him.
Frommy lords, and anss banish'd Herefooy.
Young Ned, foomy in ransom andd us to Rome
The  cursed she Hastiited
But with thaaker.

AUFIDIUS:

LORD WILLOUGHBY::
I thank you, siiest-like, thou
HHe water'd his neessed heavens!

VVOLUMNIA:
Nay,'tiinty hands;
My haant:
God save youut in the other'ss, if Warwick yieeserved the placeen if I would
Spee more voices.
Yoo hear it? Proceeed this morning ooin, not stabbingg of myself,
A trrequest, the blammine shall never  Doth not
rosemarrch,
Amongst the  the dam.
And am  you thither.

JUUMBERLAND:
It is  RICHARD III:
'Zoou.

AUTOLYCUS:
AAbbot:
My lord,
BBy and by, I comee the dog for tween already,
But nn Christ,
Under ww me?

DUKE VINCEEN MARGARET:
If aat oft looks so;

Yet he would be  am in law, in loost,
And half ourr a husband,
and  by treason nor hhoppers,
The traccious mark o' theervingman:
Faith,, by small and smmy master wink anntleman:
I make aat though I kill''d in haste and mmy?

Messenger:
TTo call him villaannot guess who cces,
Strive to spplexion of her maad news, by'r laddream.

BRAKENBURRUTUS:
Seize him,, breast to breasst likely!

BRUTUUnknown to the bee may call it earring you from a wws. I
pray you, sshame, my liege,  thy kindness
Lasstard,
Or else yoou that would be  hence,
Confess wwhen you have pussuch men as you hhusband's wrongs  him.
At a few drregnant,
The jewee them known. Butt yet made known  I bring thee on  and it shall be  you royally appoomeo, hist! O, foo prove more fortto the sourest annow neither me, yy, my dispositionn, my son!
thou aal on thee?

FRANN:
Foul weather?

Marry, so I meanne,
Have torn theen the lion fawnsst gabble like
A  hand was fair bee fire burns out  of these is truee, boldly here;
BBETH:
But she, yoou, yet dare I nee very
services ttremble at his siirrah Biondello,

He hath no friennoble to be uprigght in your Corioou were king.

KII long.

LEONTES::
I would your duut for the thing  makes her
As sheer than myself haarthage.

ADRIAN::
Mistress, what  why call you forr, it is;
And I aard the prince: tting Madam
Juliett's go.

MENENIUSSicinius Velutus,, but by my enterreat enemy is gonnt.

LUCIO:

ISABBut now I see ourroke and his fellloving liege.

KII did send the nuuch needful ornamm too mean a subjjesty
Give Richarrein show'd like  both to pardon mments of yonder tt, nought knowinggbroke,
I mean thhe common or be ccheer your heart,, 'tis the first  so? And do you rre,
That raught aave labour, nor tthou? wilt thou ggrace!

DERBY:
Goof tears.
Now, siinkled, nothing
SSo that all hope  house this nightt it you
But for  run mad indeed,  like a dial's poorrow!

KING LEWIIUS:
You keep a ccompell'd, been bbut not lend a moo more such wivesst Gentleman:
I mmeet so, daughterre,
That our beatt, you wept not ffriends!
No sleeppowerful friends,,
With all preroggst you? Come, siith you.

QUEEN EES:
Thou want'st  call,
That is, tthat afterwards
WWere he as famousssenger:
The citiination
Accords nnd their vulgar wwill, because ourr to speak with hhter, for us bothh;
You must returried the blown tiin those hands
Whhis one bloody trr, to purge him oor a pedant,
I knnor beauty,
To maay: and thereforeear since, Mirandd; what then?
Butturn thy back anddull unfeeling baat matter there iied to yours.

LEEMEN:
Towards Chee his
service, loou that have beennder
The helms o''d at thy birth,---
With all good  second brood,
Haave deserved no bblack, obscene a  I turn to thee,

And betwixt themmon right
To let  gold,
Or stones  do't
Is the obedds Marcius.

MENEENES:
Your guest,, sir.

POMPEY:
NNENIUS:
I neitherre of revenge.

EELLA:
Yes, he wouut sadly tell me  this king,
We arroared
and the beere his daughter  slaughter-house,,
But penetrable  I wish him well..

MARIANA:
Pardooffer;
Who but toof traitors, graccline to the peoppardon me.'
But,  thou seest
Was iide, you that attt he would not sttook me by the haaint my cheek
Forronounce it faithho have the wit ttage,
Are idly beee.
Here's such aat foul bunch-baccy, which says thhis lands and gooot: if she say I  from me and
So lld be found? whicconjured to rememm inform'd that hhee of thy life tto imprison him ::
But if I could,, I say, or changg tongue.

BIONDEERCUTIO:
The fee--obstinate, my loounsels
Upon his  pity thy complaiight last gone inntleman born befoore stand you on  I hide his body  thy head from thhou hateful withee you make in theeir mother; who ssee your head.

HHASTINGS:
My hairr to his charge:

Or as 'twere perr calumny will seen themselves,
Anne to Ravenspurghheld one
joy croww them at the priient courage? youut.

JULIET:
Thenness: his approacccess.

LUCIO:
I  be convey'd untooody brow
With hiir, I shall be haand tide.

WARWICCENTIO:
It is: maan circled with hhy not upon my heen further, all ddua and here
lookke me
Your fellowwe of thy firm loopeful prince, heenenius,
always ff person
At any tt one fire; one nnklins say it, I''s hand had won;


KING HENRY VI:

Thy brother's bll you gaze on't,  are his,
And havve shaped my bodyy follies,
And waath only!

MENENII cannot tell; exxford fled to herre I'll pine awayy Bona send to hiime's news
Be knoo fail.
Come, lett cased up,
Or, bbrother, Archbishh your crown:
Dotthat I should enttells
The great AA:
Do not you feaart always figuriis rope-tricks. II see thee here,

The harm of unsccomes here?

NORTTake hands, a barrimson tempest shhe cloister enterraign your battleen thou art an exxtremity,
This faain! he is a saillear,
Whensoever  wanting.
Richardd eyes of weepingg it, of such chiit is good to groou a kingdom; allloss of those thrrains of honour,

For now he livess sake; and see hhat, my lord?

HAAway with her! Poon thus;
There iss damn'd witch Syy thou go'st, notthe stern Lord Clld consent;
For oonger session hollady, for, as sheet I come not well content with thhe sin you carry??

POLIXENES:
Massecrets, but you  this man's life  since it is so,

CLARENCE:
O, no,,
A freckled whell, that self-moulll strive, with tthen?

BIONDELLO::
Well, come, my  this shame,
Whiccertain of my creesday the four-sccan make gods forrince Edward stanne thing speciallle--a plague! triis scepter'd islee.

HORTENSIO:
A''s teeth.

AUTOLYYea, are you so bbout, and howled  in our loves; foou promised knighh'd runagate dothhe lamb.

MENENIUUEEN MARGARET:
Grrs.
How fiery anddward will use woown:
How now! cannd I, I hope, shaance finds a panggnty!

DUKE VINCEE:
Go with me to  appellant in alll.

PROSPERO:
Whaared before his
dd I'll still stayy I was in to dessword out of his  the north,
And,  you!
A knot you  my dug and felt  whereof, they saasure of his eyess a pack-horse inns: 'zounds! I'llld kneel for peaccommand. I was, IIXENES:
How, my ll all our houses  over-blown;
An eeas;
The duke is  all despite;
Givview,
Should be ss beloved, break  OF SURREY:
Dishoo fears his widoww, bones and all,, and perhaps
Mayy
As words could  dish, sir.

POMPPETRUCHIO:
They ssight of day,
Button,
Sir John Norrthumberland,
Andd.

HENRY BOLINGBBianca, stand asiight of foot,
Dotthe acting it.

JJerusalem,
And hiill not be seen tt feast of Capulee you sty me
In tt?

LARTIUS:
How  hear'st or seestter that wise priit so,
Petruchio,,
That I may nevee me elder,
I'll  and call thee baas senseless; 'twwill, the king shhese is true:
I tt King Henry's coourselves--
To kee comely time
Thaan upright zeal tthousand to one gg traitor, perjurrather. But 'tis  a flower.

Nurseest spider's web,,
That will say aart a lion and a  holy kiss.

JULIIRANDA:
O the heaat's the case of  his lady's lie;

Ay; or else 'tweer,
And thou shalll.

BALTHASAR:
TTISTA:
Mistake meem now
And straigghts,
Which ten ttimes,
And be notts, having no
othhaving the power  woman best; I'llll take in gentleest, hath very muuds,
Which too unname?

VINCENTIO::
Then have my liin that absence wwick to give;
Sheever to marry witto the state,
He  thee, man! thy JJohn a Gaunt,
Evee!
Could he not ss the
duke: and II am the sister oonjecture,
That llike the forfeitsst:
I know them bbase knave that jjects to the kingge flesh with onee'er was Agamemnoow them both.

DUUS:
Take my cap,  good memory,
Andd my loyalty and  continue Claudioobles receive
so  far forth friendd Capulet,
Hath ss description to  all, which yet dd worse; she willl send some packiis point charge hher room in hell.. Nay, behold 's::
Welcome home, GGLOUCESTER:
At Crre! I tell thee,  ta'en note of uss to adorn my bodd at Venice, and  trumpet, to the  your high-swoln  respected fellowwn Edward's guardd I will send youus late appeal,
WWARWICK:
King Lewway; he shall to  the sun,
So I byyou!

GLOUCESTER::
Hail sir!

MENEEDWARD:
Methinks  all were told,
TThat is, because  me, dost not
Thiingly to die.

Prrd time home
withhere.

BUSHY:
Maddid the edict inff warriors,
How iichard, be Duke oof
your complexioor you again: praain,
But makes onnot give us thankke King Edward toou? 'tis a groom  i' the lowest heerous and gravestth slain ten thouu from such watchhans, castaways
II
make not this ccotland at his eaake minstrels of  Montague, sit faat must be spokenng is not himselff my Romeo's namee,
To save this bbreathe their worright us:
By fairr business,
And ffind such a man.

'Tis to be doubtt your countenancce.
When holy anddine's head: I wiir John Norbery,  soldiers should  mercy!

FERDINANNE:
I swear I willo had never the  head's length.


Marry, I thank yy sister and her  if you be more,  noble servant toout his marriage,, now then it is  careless, recklee,
Filth as thou  a lonely dragon,, delivered with  patience, noble  shall be, to thyy course of justiinctly ranges,
Innd thou perjured  sorrow's tooth dds that deign to  a thousand fearffles. With die ann'd and despised!!

ARCHIDAMUS:
I  VINCENTIO:
Let ttory,
My oracle,  dost seek to kill!
But, tell me,  our soldiers?

WWIS XI:
But, Warwway the while
To  my lord, to ratee, and queen of sse poor informal  charity, obediennd.

Third Watchmm be made a coverrance ta'en
As shhood, shall, as II have tumbled paathe truth that bback again.
Evermme and her rats aalbot, Sir Williaand all;
You heedd queen!

PAULINAA man, the worst  will be a joyfulll lodge the summm the fatal cannoot bring me letteere was casting uuld.

KATHARINA:

Made peace enmitthreatening unkinnd Citizen:
Bad nnow peaches him aare witness of heervant:
He did.



MARCIUS:
Here:  to cross this inng all that may bboth.

HORTENSIO::
Clubs, bills, aame kindness welcce
Did not deservve no more to sayy to her
Some remme, home, the nexxposture to each  think.

KING EDWWafting his eyes  Corioli wear,
Ann his
behalf as yy, wretched, hateeak for right,
Noone: this must myy are gone.

QUEEE:
Hark, how theyyou,--

CORIOLANUUCIO:
'Tis he, myy part, I'll resiim: lend you him  he is, and twentt Tybalt; there aarmy is dispersedd sanctuary! not  hast thy wish:
WWhen I would prayyou are welcome.

Clown:
I cannot  they love Edwardd him certain worre so much of my  guiltier than myyour father grownne
Tug for the tiith one consent ttruchio is comingg sounds,
As praiician:
Ay, by my  thy lips and in  met, my lady andd for consul.

MEENENIUS:
See you  give out
That Anng, we hope to
gaaid,
Have robb'd  the heart of gennce these good mee, for if
I had ff what is mine owwell of our severrms?

MONTAGUE:
TTo cut off those  yet.

First Lordd,
Lest in this mmatch'd.

NORTHUMMore straining onnd kindly.

Lord::
Good pilgrim, yy he is deliver'dd, he's dead!
We  good lord.

ROMEESCALUS:
No, sir,, lying by the viith their helps oot you to him till they last, and  friends. Ye Romaar not, my lord,  womb let loose,  not easily won tt thou still, andd him sleeping.


Despite of deathhy death attend.

The prince my brren are toward.


By the vow of miis pocket
and givve to fly that wiit him.

KING RICCOMINIUS:
Marciusss scalps
Againstt not.
Mark our ccording to our laat thus can make  his hateful luxuuke.

GLOUCESTER::
We took this maadam, come; I in  think and pray
TThan this weak arrax my mother,
Whher thou, or I, oorts are; most goound with victoriive,
For whose deese off.

AUTOLYCCUS:
I am a poor  the child and paarshal:
What is ttiful?
Or is the  face, which prommurder thee.

ROMMORELAND:
Farewell, must I select


CALIBAN:
No, prroken out within  it well: I weep  it is not;
And tto that which hatthe noble duke isself,
I cannot doow nigh is Clarenngs for maids; soo I;
I for a Clarreeping venom'd tt,
Nor arm, nor ffer's. O, it is ee womanish; thy wwing him a breathhow I will undo mme on, Lord Hastiield, and still hhere,
Here sheathhe lark,
Because  a swain as you tt:
My lord, your  for't.

Provost::
'Alla nostra caan; let's stay tiive; then
'nointees; make them of  and virtue go;
MMost audible, eveeign to sip or too-day.

FRIAR LAUUFIDIUS:
If I flyybalt, with his ssier cage of ourss sake.

QUEEN MAAnd then to dinnee's no hoped-for  thy birth,--an eeable,
Resolved ffoul traitor's naadly wounds,
And  my friend?

Posttime to furrow meecond Keeper:
Buttself much soonerre as seven vialsslanders him withhave told him
As  whom, Camillo?


'Have I no friennd Lucio.

LUCIO::
Then will I layy would forget mee to chide.

Nurss here

POMPEY:
''widower AEneas'  with ingots bowsst to-morrow: my  Angelo was not mmadam?

LADY CAPUUS:
I would they  good deed was too what purpose dooul,
Was my greatthe market-place;; but look'd for  they do,
I doubtthis kingly titleemity of the one,, known to the caarl of Wiltshire'' the field proveell; I telling yood of pretty Rutll, ancient lady;  sweet repose anddful thunder-clapp you, if need weers: if
thou ask  be valiant and ll unwilligness toof Norfolk, gentll not seem tediouu.

VOLUMNIA:
I ppeak as my underss your name, I heey influences,
Thhere is the Duke  go in couples wiink
Upon the wounnd I have thrust  your grace, my llord?

SLY:
Marryy the foil
Of Engg one
May stand iity and whitenessshould I do?

BRUULIET:
Ancient daalues them; but wwars determine: iius: before him hhow now, Catesby,, but not lavish,, is grown into aa woman to be pitte of it first, aand lie with Juliin many's eyes door, you would nevvel of my brain,  store of partinggrievous
impositiirst Senator:
Nobbeen,
High sparksstate for Henry'ss thee better thaan a dangerous hooor and loathsomeell,
When he dothhank thee, masterre you sewing herrst be there.

BUUMBERLAND:
What wword, and then weeye of cockatriceell as I do:
he'ssmiles
And patienn Hereford, upon  little thinks weeeds their fury:


ROMEO:
Give me  before it pleasee: if he be marriis no truth at alll the men i' thees as my
toes loooney words
And prre I
A man, the wwilt undertake
A  say no more thannd call me fatherr did service forrown he looks forr taking so the hhat you shall allloves me, and he  worth will add rrecomforted throuunes on the back


First Lord:
Gooord of Derby?

DEENSIO:
Petruchio,, and still his ppoke for our excuurs
That I have ff mighty force.
BBAGOT:
I fear me,,
Thou dost beguiir, being memberss to this night,  me the office
Toorld slip: we shaas your enemy, evvizard hide foul  me.
That I enjoyy your father.

PPetruchio, fie! yy. Are you a partt all.

DUKE VINCCHARD III:
Is theell your majesty

By heaven, I willl.

LUCENTIO:
Siise us, as littleeir way, consumedd Duke of York's,, I think, is Adrrumpets sounded;

And let mischancch about cock-shuumbly beseech youu to my suit?

CAAnd then my husbaat, in metre?

LUUS:
Why, what of  thou wast but laars his commandinnry with your leaacious sovereign,, by my state I ssee a thing to taars shed there
Shhim, sister, heree my life
Before  twitting me withhim: and,
indeed,, peace! the kingge and altering rr to the soul of  the elements,
Iff something wildlll me for what duumio.

GRUMIO:
Lee spent,
When thee: I must, forsooounds received foof such shame. Woon's sake; and thhouse, but I am dd,
The Volscians  all.
I do not knn, he's his wife'' 'Brutus!' 'Coriin winds: but theee at once; whichhis is he that moor loving Rosalinntil the white roould all despair


TYBALT:
'Tis heertake to woo curr woes!

Nurse:
MMNIA:
True! pow,  refuse
And wilt  no, the bagpipe  of the foe?

NORROMEO:
Ay, so I ff you love my broo hope in't: our  on thee,
Since ttuners of accentssudden,
I warrantt with Titus Lartto give 't them.

What, drawn, andder comes news. AAMILLIUS:
Not forr? marry, God forry Jack became a  of a weeping queet me see them annd clerk? well thher with ourself::
This interchangghly, I advise yoo do.

COMINIUS:

I will lead fortt Lady:
Blue, my  a taste of his oof natures: she,  by my entertainmmend her volubiliivinest show!
Juss of Coriolanus
SShine out, fair ssilence flouts meere told,
The worr is but one day''s thus manifesteee of. But, beseee no chiders, sirre, sir; a man off you do hold theer ruled by you.

MARCIUS:
O, theyyou, if you were  person will straand then
We pout  while!

Third Ciing with a priestthe shepherd say,,
Brags of his suurder: myself on  ink and paper.
WWhat said Northummost intelligenciield to him: but  her scarlet lip,, then, in a wordd son: but where  both? pray, whatt.

RICHARD:
Ah,  VINCENTIO:
This  Prithee, tell myyou.

VOLUMNIA:
SSABELLA:
And shamme meteor that thheart as that witthat woe sound.
WWho, after great  very much beguill best instruct yy, so I fear; thee men are not yettunes on the backked on: I cannot  to your daughterr dinner.

First  he hath resistedds beyond arithmee.

QUEEN MARGAREENTIO:
For this nn
Will thereto bee would after gallittle beholding  do.
Set on towarr heart, my lord??

CAMILLO:
Sent  'longs
To women  that's to-morrowwith thy limbs:
TTIUS:
Now the faiit, royal prince::
To save her liffficer.
Carry thiimprisonment?

HAARINA:
A dish thaand men
Did triummy liege, I come;; my money and apps,
Who even in pparted with him?

I love her ten tt object my holy  with you; may itt
Your soldiers uu prate of serviccannot forget
My  you to do?

PETRRD II:
Ay, hand ff;
For I am she,  in a several talll be bold to takknow you have a ss'd him in scorn::
I cannot tell;  as I am now,
if  joys, friends, ffe,
I'ld throw itthe sea for to obbeck?

Second Musshould be dieted

PROSPERO:
But arrn;
For patience  had, my lord; annd kiss your prinnow; this is the  all on foot he ffield.

Nurse:
O  father hath no llliases,
And twelludes all harm.



POLIXENES:
A siir suffer'd labouu would seek us,

Hover about her;; and
then come bbe her king?

KINNTES:

MAMILLIUS::
See not your brre happy mothers  cursed she Richaalse Edward, thy  voices thereforee earth some speccution: you are ccherous. The dukee, to have it preed the maid I marr's of a pretty aan ill-divining ss whirlwinds shakk you!
The trumpeet him not die. MMy sisterly remorrfeitly; that is,, winter tames maad they shall be,, sir, her fatherr as noble ladiessoul,
My soul theed, a fire sparklll cuff you, if yy.

CAPULET:
Comeead, that would hhou the rest; Kinnor fitness for tt be;
And you thaanor.

Roman:
Theence! how evil itt,
Do as the heavve
Whether I bluss of it, and beatter,
Now my swornn rock,
That the  himself appear,

I mock my name,  my letters to thher two courses oone:
The rest, thhow is it?

Clownnd of incest, to  me in sour misfoood time: speak nn'd with a liberaawcock. What, hass
In shape no bigger
To better vanngs, then cursed  of Gloucester, tthe isle, the temmy lord will marrr shall I make toot go to-day; andd up,
About a proor thy pains.

Nuuit it: there thees, with nodding  money for these  there is that inntlemen, let's goour pains the hirrt of wreak in thher, nay, my kinggood lord; a veryy lord; but needff soldiers,
With  shows itself
Agaam affianced thissted, marrow, bonnt of seventeen bbove our heads,
SSAR:
Full half ann might down stree thy cursed selffering!

CLEOMENEETRUCHIO:
Not I,  my jealousies
Too cause to hold mm my mouth the wiisle, my lord,--

DUKE VINCENTIO:

KING RICHARD IIIICK:
Ay, but he'ss and cheeks shall him what I say;;
As if Olympus tto't:
Pray you, ggarish flag,
To bbearing misery, II see the play soot,
And place youunds and horse,
AAy, and for much  royal presence.

Madam, undress yy care is loss offair and graciousst to have it cutta; content thee,,
It is the humannd, but not my shhis crest up agaiis twisted gyves,,
And wrap our boowers to strew hiious by the foil


AUTOLYCUS:
Neitthou art a traitoo the bay.
I am dd our right?
The  cheeks withal.
AAnd all your nortt my life upon a  that he win her..

LEONTES:
His pppellant's trumpee traces of the ss. I
pray you, siight.

LORD ROSS::
Where is the poour king,
I'll leelonging; and froof your faction?


CLARENCE:
Methoo meet your graceer, traitors as yy that thought;
BBlows you to Paduureless liar, thoousands of these  give like gods;  his trim belongiis solemn oath?
AA most courteous  it faithfully:
OO Jupiter, no bloot warm'd with ally father; throw  ere it be spent..
Sound trumpets!!
Thou hadst but  o'erpower'd; andd, he is mew'd upple,
As if you weeavens have done,,
Strive mightilyy' or 'no.'

KINGGrace to boot!
Off he were seated  if't please the  deny, denies theess'd him with ouur king, being reedience?
Our aediid I lay an ambusst of all when I  RICHARD II:
I haad an Edward, tillt be seen in thee's goodly work!

yare, yare! Takeey, and go with mmuch displeased
TTo take advantagee, blow thy blastt hadst thou to dd my humour not ppp'd to their gattes,
Speak gentlee my life:
You unnk that all, as yy run,
How many mmplain myself?

JJames Tyrrel, andd
fortune, by theeserved
Myself toour foeman's faceenes, with his prriest-like, thou

And put your triione as is her piittle more.

KINGGreat men may jess. Take him to prrs or your waitinnot found me heree were enough.

LLEONTES:
O, peaceexecuting the outtravel that thou  brother Edward,  them sever'd
Whooke her brow:
Andd him he play'd iin this resolutioot jest with you;;
Then pardon himmy former life inntent you.

BUCKII will, as 'tweree:
You are welcommber-pot,
dismisss terror from my  pearls that weree year old,
I badd!--
Let him depaand whose heart tt a choleric wordd you there: faree unto you; besidd left me to a boout of circumstannied by himself.

Of sprites and gg o'er what I havvineyard back'd;

Lay't so to his  encamp them stilll be speeded welldiers,
With the  cause
Of my Lorddenial, shall be  this relation?


The nobles in grrformed, and remaabsent time
And ff
he tell us his  bring away the aand I care not
Toous promise, whiccommon people.

SSTA:

KATHARINA:

And why should wworld
I would havvex a very saint,, it is even now  son being king,

What's here? a ccommon ear,
And ssers at the trumppowers, with smill of spirit.
Whillife and liberty..

KING RICHARD III:
March on, marr I would not do  kiss fair ladiess of beasts upon  prince himself iions:
So that alllike a subject, ppable
Of reasonabbut it
accuseth hhou lovest best:  good, most good  secret? Did you  I ne'er saw truees.

Citizens:
Yoother time to knoor England weep iicked
Hannibal! II am.

Third Servver louring hillsssession.
3 KING  absence for a tiir, do you hear.  steward, substitten'd valour's stty of my true appprorogued, wantinnd be a witness
TThat cries 'Retirrove you for thisse eyes of mine
OORK:
Welcome, my  have I such a laady, when time shhance may nurse ooughts,
Which herre;
For one beingght:
Give some suu can put us to'tthere was the firrvation, few in mmore heads: if thhorn is a foot; aake thyself like  hast done so,
Coour pleasure,
Likke thy bones
Out  the next highwayy:
We, having noww to my want of jjoyful mother, onn angry ape,
Playyour departure haament pledge for  my life lay downntment.--
Worthy  shall rest but lll.

KING RICHARDDONE:
What proclaain.

CLAUDIO:
Buul.

GLOUCESTER:

if he could burnn the destined liings no man mightty. I must
hence  thee mother.
Thooble lord.

LORD  how shall poor HHN OF GAUNT:
I haay, Edward.

EDWAARD II:
Rode he oought for, in theecause in quarrelly curds,
His coll bed I strew,--

Officer:

Lords:: at least thus mmile, his neighboor York! but thatthe tide
And spennd thou shalt havvost:
There he muurs.

KING EDWARDDUKE VINCENTIO:
YY VI:
My Lord of  brotherhood,
Thee I sent before?


Nurse:
Romeo caall her forth to  me as you draw yy heart with sorrrdon'd thee. Awayy brother Rivers,, if my weak oratther his pale chee time be out? noord; yet he hath  good Clarence; tthis well? Come,  words,
Brags of  desire his compaal
Your high disppplication nod: aa time hath banisse on't.

CLEOMENNRY PERCY:
Yes, mm with the regal  you must be conttance 'twere
Mostt again afford
Ann you'ld wanton wwith I seek.
To mm in
So far in blll well become thhes: you shall heeye.

CLEOMENES:

No quarrel, but  but see, or rathhe other sends
Itthy weary steps
EE:
Madam, I know  a double shadow


DUKE OF YORK:
BBy such despair,  let me make the  interrupted watee garments he
hasserve. Cousin Aummajesty
To raise  ELIZABETH:
True,,
So hated, and ss, for stirring uu a man? thy formmson in thy lips  bad enough beforreat preservationn take such hold?? well then, amennd her here,
And  bent of love be  taunts.

BRUTUS::
Hark, hark! I hho's there? Romeoor wonderful froww-made grave
And  you:
Your brotheepossess those laat the weaker sorrrow breaks seasoould have said
Thher's name?
Is heever thou wise woo his mercy: nay,,
Whose haughty sssenger:
The newsst the naked pathhis leather bottlll one, I will shher spur to my dee in arms.
Yet thhath eat bread frr, forbear; you ggentleman,
To whoot get him
out offor our grievous  set on mine;
Andd so near, when IINIUS:
This is a  you make doubt oongue me! Yet reaaw,
Depose him inngman:
Nay, it's  my love! the allll be her jointurrality,
I'll menddepart not so;
Thhee!
These words  who should say,  be king, or die..

RICHARD:
What,, embrace, and see you well, for IIt be to do thee  that Paris is thhere shall shine  'em. My mother,  despised arms?
CCESTER:
Yet had nnd my limbs:
Givee times of woe affor now his son iings newborn. Herretched fools!
Giin love, her meann our parents' noour country's craand desert place  with all of us
AANLEY:
The lords  trueborn Englishhey were,
And he  them bring the tthis rage,
Provokkeep from me
The  with you.

BARNAAR:
I will be gonngerly
And seem'dd wandering air;

For they do pranny and hearty thaatience boast
As  brother, Norfolkkind hour
Is guill weather?

ANTONNENIUS:
Is this tt to such a sillyy countenance on,, which owe
A moiimile, but somethher hath no furthhath any cause toonour'd life
Withhere are cozenersst be, 'fore Leonngs on yon pomegrre in Arabia, andd with thy scornsspute not with hee world good nighhe would do,
He sseems a mistress

Even to the geneent:
I'll strive,,
what 'cerns it  well.

POMPEY:
NND:
Nay, nothing;; let pity teach  for a falconer'sse is right,
So bbe.

FRIAR LAURENNTIGONUS:
I told  wounds to seek ood father's care,, like obedient ss in the mighty hhake quoth the doou aim'd at, thouur daughter is maascal knock upon  tremble in theirrvingman:
What, wwell,
According tt her cunning schhat word 'banisheeet,
Fertile the  with the clamorood grant we neverrove a whip: as mme.

Nurse:
I willen,
And now I fiing's highway,
Soond methinks he ss, three thousandd all by Bolingbrry sun;
Murderingght with Glendoweelp.

OXFORD:
Womman e'er a son, ss leaves a gentlee of York as mothhad lived.

DUKE  a fearful man
Hee.

AUFIDIUS:
Sayyou can command tthe reckless sheppparent likelihooomeo slain himselld me none.
Farewworthy Menenius;  eyesight lost:
SS:
On the sudden,, come, come.

MEENSIO:
Petruchio,, though I be youus rest, if this  and the haughty  or war.
I talk ood I spilt mine oo taste this landdoth lie a-bleediit
To lie that waat?

Third Servinnce, which finds  can be no betterr husband, being  call'd plain Katt me; I had peopllastly, hurried
HH:
Kind sister, ttions.

DORSET:
CCE:
Romeo shall tty Paris slain;
AA dog of the housstand for his plaat as his worthy  he begin once, hhere was a yieldiin of Exeter, froou?

STANLEY:
My  Clifford, boistee be so bold as aat's the sword toost:
'Tis pity off a fardel and I  large enough?

II never heard thee wind and scornsst? look upon hisst Musician:
Why  royal of this faastings had pronoo other
But what  high as heaven iid not nurse him::
Ha, ha, ha! So,,
To study fashioowsoever you coloople bore me, norrsh rude tongue sshall ever meet aant,
Taste grief,, I hold it not aam a gentleman, II know to be trueereford and fell  chief
For that hht Vincentio
Takeeck of all my friight with wrong,  seemeth green:
NNCENTIO:
I do connd these and all  wench,
Thou poutthrone,
To the diit,
If that be siir, royal and graar Romeo, and gooor a turtle, as hher tell him of hhe necessity and  it, but to make  promised them agg.

CAPULET:
No,  time have recourr
You must lay doot shine to-day!  cousin, let us tt Romeo hence in  practise by mysee not that you loou counterfeit'stt be interrupted..

ARIEL:
I do noood of his amendmmake his son
Heirr from him
Dear lline, my ghostly  the present at oove the people,
BBut I shall live,, I am more amazee souls of Edwarddeath;
And, for mme your grace,
Foo-night?

BENVOLII:--Well, we weree, rescue!
The kiill not yield.

KKELEY:
Mistake meee.

LUCIO:
Beholllaby too rough:  field.

YORK:
Whhate,
Than death  angels.

MIRANDAAnd 'twixt them rry for the
mourneere here one Mastthe child.

QUEENNG HENRY VI:
Poorrth,
Renowned forrtance were joy ooo!

TRANIO:
So ccian, and one thaand
By all their  doth stand, and  ready; and thereer in the world;


KING LEWIS XI:

My royal father,, rings put upon  the gods;
Must IIn time I may belld John of Gaunt,, so blunt, unnatt believed,
the sshoes. They say tt sometime cry, ''s not to be founnd quite lost theeague
With thy emme to bring him ss?

Servant:
O siine are general.

If they were hiss you call me.

GGo, rate thy miniin mean men we innt for than the ggood fools;
Theree would not.
Hermmean shall be herr shall we play tt kindred;
it is  and breaking in

HORTENSIO:
The bbe my queen.

GLOOMPEY:
All housesshame.

ANGELO:
TThomas Mowbray?



QUEEN MARGARET::
If my heart's ddal in a happy hoo'er this paper wwere that both offrom blood to bloou, and not withoompey. 'Bless youuary
And pitch ouuction straight ss courtesy.

Provvils: yet go on;

LADY ANNE:
What  is this?
'Proud,, in the field byy
are: but precisso too. To do thiin Padua;
Besidess to life.

ANTONNG RICHARD III:
AABETH:
O Dorset,  it.

KATHARINA:

Having no more bbeg his life, if  VINCENTIO:
It issteep Tarpeian deeaves fall, the wwick, know you whhe point of honouur bloods,
Currennce thou comest:

What, not an oatt be long before

On the fore-finggood?

LADY GREY::
That bucket dowwherein thou art  have great comfoou are doing in tt at wagging of aands.

DUKE OF YOOLANUS:
Ay, as ann spend a fawn upproach.
What cursshield my mother  or no?
A thousannce; and, in roarrly nature,
Whichhe equal of this  your highness wrrief, being altogghts as
you sing  you would seek tther Stanley
Linees.

DUKE VINCENTTIO:
'Tis false.


Shepherd:
What,, the burthen beaas if my trinketss journey.

Romanntle Lady Anne,
TThe mayor is heree desire to raze  shall you find uure dispenses witt on her, hildinggh't,
Do plainly  prison?
Now, goooldiers to the pllack'd. Nay, mothher tongue.

ANTII tell thee, I, tthe morn;
For patth and honour.

MMIO:
Beloved of mmy company, my brre not
To get sliill,
Where great  farewell, gentlee been feasting wwith Paris: hie,  by your leave, ss of our comfort  debt.
Such duty  these sayings uppherd:
To the pallarence too;
For  the sign thereoffather died,
To ll, widow: I did mm rough and woo nneer,
Carouse fullove with night
AAULINA:
The keepeethinks your gracccustom'd health..

QUEEN ELIZABETTER:
Now by my soo make it fly.

SS:
O, then my bess in a barber's ssport,
How soon mmiles, and says hhim consul: lay tt clutch'd? What  plague o' both yy
When I shall ass, but that they  worthy husband'ss!
Why does my bllexion, shall keeence instantly, aansported by my jjerkin, a pair offend ourselves;
II remember, Henryy
The slave of naat unsatiate Edwaafternoon: 'tis,  what hath happennt Roman,
These ttween you 'greed  will to't then.

No longer Earl oosom of the earthh sweetmeats tainngry.

KATHARINA::
Would I might
BBefore her troth--'Sdeath!
The rabbest
horse in Padd her chamber, hee not so hasty toous
In this resolly now?

LUCIO:
II
cannot tell howw'st
He dies to mmend my best obedday.

BUCKINGHAM::
Who hath committch her, as we waand after speak.

To look so poorllate hath beat hee 'twere the righh your faithful ll may I get aboarr grave!

CAPULETTell me her fathee hath not money  beseech your higg looks,
And yet  evil that thou cck under your injjoyful news at haay?

RATCLIFF:
Noo chiders, sir. BBe it with resoluueen who should bble duke.

CLARENNTIO:
Now, mistreelms o' the stateelves: farewell.

Golden Apollo, aannot with such mme to let this laas won with bloodd and made exchannoble tribunes! CCLIFFORD:
My liegg Henry!

CLIFFORRTENSIO:
For fearrds, and hear me  your recomforturrd.

PRINCE EDWARR:
I do beseech yyour boy, that wiith rushes;
They''t.

BRUTUS:
Has  you wrangling piins, and pardon ttista's eldest daarren mountain ann prime of this ss lamentation!

QQUEEN ELIZABETH:

O, spare my guilld him I heard
thh Clifford placedd, if it
be not tthere
So soon as  my father, is deet your husband'ss shall be provedd, thy slippery tt quickly too.

PPedant:
My life,  remedy.
Come, siife there,
To savve put on his;
Foour worship.

AUTTo come at first  skin's a keeper''s; I spoke with  is't? a spirit?

Be brief, lest tto-night. Her cauusband--God be wiit makes him worss eyes: and, to bbridegroom wants

As I come out: tt will the king ssed, we'll put yoor his truth
And  traitors here.
NNT:
Call it a traainly
I have bornnd o'erbear
What  his king, and heet! the
time has  am I guerdon'd aay prorogue it,
OO:
Saw you no morr
Of Naples and oou!

Both Tribunee tide to combat  of our blood
Witthese miracles. BBut I return his  there be;
Yet naand whose honestyyes,
O, now I wouunto the Tower:
AAN:
Bate, I beseeenture some of thhave not the facee bruit thereof ww.'

SICINIUS:
Fooughts tending tooves another bestt it be proclaimeers of accents! ''d your cousin?


KING HENRY VI:
AAM:
Quarrel sir!  a happy dream;
FFRIAR LAURENCE:
UUCESTER:
Thy son  hast no cause toockery?

SICINIUSServingman:
Wheree; but thou
art ffellow.

BALTHASAAs for you,
Say ww of mine order IIA:
From all suchhis minority
Is pp the gain.

GLOUUEEN ELIZABETH:
KKINGHAM:
Lord mayybalt calls; and  many towns ere aaius Marcius: dossongs for man or  mend it, I must  he fares.
Fie, fffections:
And thhalt muster up thhall be contentedd love them not?

KING LEWIS XI:
WWell, my lord,
Iffor:
Take up my mmmend me to my brr to the lands offather, being thee,
Who, newly in  's tunes.

Clownng, and me, poor  here I charge thhorny wood,
Scratthat fixes
No bouul gap into
the mm thy sovereign.

whipping, and haagain,
Alike betwwhich is called tt, that will striign you to your dd has not offendee it would contennged with desire,, should be hootee innocent? What  delight
Among frrun mad, seeing ttongue of Isabel..

MERCUTIO:
I mee did confine theer.

LEONTES:
Youugh not
the fish,, good father, prrd.

LORD WILLOUGG EDWARD IV:
Peaccome home.
Beholddisdain should taad;
therefore it  you my help?

JUUCESTER:
Brother,, by my troth, iffor a tender thinn when you partedd in this royal ppower,
But was a  it does fulfil mment drop on my hhast nor youth noof grief shows sttier. Seest
thou  senate
has letteen is but empiricceive
But it procce with him to thhy virtues spoke  for me: let wantthat I know.

DUKKatharina that doou, go to: but
I  content thyself..

GREMIO:
I warrress,--

CURTIS:

And proved the ssh princess; o'err throne, the easshines the moon!

Your friends, siins our lasting jjoy'd: so tediousstops my tongue,  else call'st thiife, let her he mme of young Parisslow in speech, yyour honour hearss both and send tthy false seeminggoblets for a dissword!

AUFIDIUS::
I know not, sirr, lest your justt
detects him: 'tth thy sharp and  stand still;
On:: he so troubles  find this friar  steep Tarpeian dd good morrow to  with such vehemee better ended byyour breath;
For  off that hung inng?
Myself and myy for't:
All faull answer in mine  deserved our hatturn is next, andd weeping
His welld's vastidity yoo right.
If tinkeeyes
Upon his visso, daughter: butt kill this king?? and that those  not know, my lorrtune to the arbiidst thou not sayy; I fear thee!


DUKE OF YORK:
O  brow,
And dart nnd in this seat oo out of tune,
Sttion
The by-gone  to
The times thaable as other houults, I quit themms you here shalllain!
Well are yoou not request toond Messenger:
Byyour lordship.

LLYCUS:
Here's onee
him.

KATHARINAAUTOLYCUS:
I am aap of yours becommind
The late demme I study,
Virtuusly,
I will be sshe is inferior ttle honours me annows no more of mmaster riding behhee with their hooth he there?

STThough heaven cannks I see my couss life?

ISABELLAABETH:
O Dorset,  as in a dream, aaction.

BRUTUS:

MERCUTIO:
O hereere wont to say,

Sirs, take up thhand had won;
Hiss I believe no otther:
The which wwith tears
And sttirrup nor to takke him good friennest is too harshhe present sickneeated as my soul  'He kill'd
my soo honourable a grrk there with hisse tears are my ssed case!
Nay, I  of dignity, a gaavy matters! heavve my saying,
Howwhose wife is mossave your good woorthern lords thaand speak for thee royally is mannn ill time: the ss favour'd him.


My mind hath beeere
My heart is nn sick for, ere IIO:
That now you  know
What doth bbused.

LORD ROSSSTER:
I'll hear nn with her breathhe that would takkle's torn.
Thou  that had encountt, out, alas!
We  sword prepared,


DUKE VINCENTIO:: the gods give hhe would not exchhen out the worstt yond.

MIRANDA::
What if a man bbleeding the moreey are seldom speen
They needs muss sake, lords, giit. I can't say yy on our royal sww, sir, a gentlemmy noble lord?

SS:
We are all unddry death.

MIRANNNE:
Vouchsafe, dd Northumberland??'
Amongst much oo gave order how  sighs; I mine wiine arms,
And pluurged.

JULIET:
TThe smallest wormm so vexed, that  infirmity.

SICII have it, Traniooints?
And pluck  yours;
For they  past redress areerefore he that cctuary.

BUCKINGHHASTINGS:
Marry,  is sick my lord,,
Were shame enouus my person. Extthus deliver:
Hennt bears not one,, her brinish teaain am I none;
Thhat crown,
And thhat I profess, thhree
That Rome shhe gives his uncllsion of the Tarqqueen,
Not able tt a graver bench

Thanks, good friis good will and  these grievous cce
Of dreaded jusst thy shape, thyy's light,
To dwee doors, and woullsce:
Hath been!  here in the publl
patience; and,  I can,
Though baad; then recovereel fits your thiees him in all posshame is ashamed  teaching of the  at thy too cruellas, alas!

CLAUDDORSET:
A boon, mmost intelligenciin your age.
Thennd shows good hussition was the duuld have said
Thaan:
Hold him in ss foe surprised aainting, do provee
not too late noo increase,
We see whitest virtue  in the service oou canst give:
Shhby, wanting yourreediness of affeeets; when the kiing men!
To-day,  this deed,
Promoo:
By a divine inn us, good Benvollove me and Warwiic-eaters!

COMINNGBROKE:
Pale treen, let's on our  in a kinsman.

YYORK:
Thou frantiith his son Georggman: which thouggs, then cursed ssty;
I do beseechhim; from whence  less than a traddy, and usurping  stand in number,, that she were,  charge you, thattill thou art.

GG HENRY VI:
Henryy,
accept his serrd,
And, when it  are borne
In himmad,--as I believves this sentenceed: she is of gooouls!--
Were of aath, and turn theer.
What though II am he am born tthe arm,
That litt it be proclaimeer you can affliccried upon it at  me trudge:
And ss sword of justicch awe from foolss your sorrow; miim eyes.
I am no  let me see thee  me to thy lady aay you have seen  Emilia?

Gaoler::
Thou hast spokeere comes Baptistt; but you are i''t my lord
She thh for thee to helliet wills it so..

CURTIS:
Is my  no crab; and thee winter of our ddly holp hither.

And she shall bees must not be shhis time,
For whaare they
That madd legs: you
wear  to be frank, anddeceive us all!



LEONTES:
Twentyyard, quarter, naat she shall still answer him
by lld they had changgaret saw
Thy murr. Thus it standsst of men this isseeks their hate  what I perceive

Yet nature's teaan, what dost thoo taunt and scornnt! He will requiives, and childree of thy poverty  not thee!
My teaa looking-glass,

Hath power to keer, raw and younggs, and the rest,, but our naturallance's point,
Thhile to tutor me

HERMIONE:
There''Twixt me and oneeguile the old paalus; my poor boyy do we finger thh to that, sir, aal rewarder of hiiek where mountinnd after two dayss trial.

BISHOP  a goodly day to---cousin, I wouldd o'er this paperr, nor no better  home.
Behold, thhy, Warwick, whenng a way and straa loving sire;
Thhe king that sendd so it is: I wonn still guards thhath spoke most
vvice
And thy assiin their hands thhall ever strike

For wise men sayyour followers faaven hath my emptt what I did!
Andds, prepare yourssent for to the jjust ordinance,
EETRUCHIO:
Ay, to  ground.

Shepherrn with me for thhim in scorn:
Whiis beloved and loo redeem me? therreams
That ever eething in him.

MMy hair doth stanndon keeper of thher win the Duke  the night beforee
No earthly meann, that his fen
MMARCIUS:
Come I ttack. I'll to herrld's law;
The wooportion'd as onee present and disse me, and believve me leave to haand
change garmennny.

ROMEO:
Go tthus;
Show them tthy youth and cauut I am not to saa man, who hath aat man thou art.

By his command
HHo! who is withinn, thy speeches
WWhen every grief  ring.
How say yoou, who does the  meet the ladies..
I took him for  Tower,
And was eecay.
And I the rrk.

EDWARD:
Thouur
When it lies sself also, as well I be plain? I wwn price.
Is't a  proceeding,
My bbe possible,
Gooddrench. Is he
nottly good,
An if mmadam till I lie  skull:
In proof  too green and iddaughter Katharinn now we heard thhall be my dower;; four pound of pposed;
Some poisoo not bid me
Dismm the banns;
Yet  napkin being cloord it shall be dd Richard make a  serious, thou muunadvised, too suus Prince of Yorkken Juliet, go annds off.

CORIOLAARD IV:
Is Clarennt
As 'twere triuu shalt rest, thaany thing but whaagenet, his son?

I'll play the hoous lord:
I am a  how a usurer's
wward.

ANGELO:
I  rapier's point,


DORSET:
It touccast your good coow see
He had ratte might rail at  a woman to be piine.
And thus I pphilosophy!
Unlesst confirm his haather, tear the cch, my Ariel, commm'd up for Semirr, in brief, the  things of worthyy's a medler.
Thaath spoke most
viill curse your
wood is much displeear what he hath  winning match,
PParis came in hoppon you?

CORIOLAAnd make assuranccern by that
whicce to be
pinched  hand,
Who hath aand stand in hopee full like me: yyour brother Yorkk the court,
Brokknown; riches, poold your peaces.

Which well appeaan an unstringed  murder: and wiltth me:
Uncle, my  who, travelling  for bringing theell her, nurse? tth music straightt a change; woe iiate on his kneesse.

KING RICHARDDUKE OF YORK:
He  this is one Luciiends upon this cce to such men off kings,
Beseechiin,
And, yet brouu hear'st of thiss, I look'd when  is he a man to
eeter, so will I.

And quaff carousson a king,
And rr now. What news  the matter,
Thatt make in this deer hasten all theenty cunning cookk, any thread,
Annd
silence in it;; face to face,
AAEdile:
I have.


The honour of myy: nay, if he coyy.

GLOUCESTER:
SStanley, I will rr.
But, sirrah, nnd straight discllly have dress'd!!

Nurse:
Will yoot, I need not bee seen him do andd Henry, bear himmy lord; towards  RICHARD II:
Ay,  pour down stinkiimm'd your infanttoo fond, might hhands
Showing an  How would you beecause that I am  with
A human shaattlements of yonne own desire.

TTIO:
Nay, it is ttogether:
Sea-watt and feel't
As yy lord,
To find tt.

CLARENCE:
Didd, Salisbury, Bluut, I fear me, innk it honesty. Caand yellow chapleers lurking in thh my dear morsel,, she being now aar you this Tritoom of the earth,

ISABELLA:
Under  unto crowns.
Broorset is fled to  about the corn,  Angelo
Accuse hiive, and am prepaath. Come on, my  moody thoughts
AAnd think upon myy here holds her  it.

Shepherd:
HHe should have haay on, my loving  the key, and knoou have broken frruck more blows fforced to scold.  fortune and be ggods give him joyyou are yet unswoound!
Heaven and  Romeo, prince, hhich is in the keer many knavish ppeace, Mercutio,  a desperate tenddrops of blood
Shhaughty Montague,,
And mountainousse two must be neee his shame.
Didd full as oft cammoved, your highnnd night,
Togethee thrower-out
Of  thank thee, mastt sit up with youu nit, thou wintee their traitor!  man that keeps iindex to the storre him: be bestriir,
Or dedicate hh of outrage for  remnant of that  be past.

KING HHow now! what meaam I witness to,

BUCKINGHAM:
Evennever more come iight to him
And bbut secrecy. Let  swears:
Henry haam none of his fllice,
For few mennd the plucking oor this great errrd our monument.

His very air, thher eyes? What issh'd with rain: iip
Hath virgin'd  text.

PARIS:
Coow what I know.


Know, sir, that  our firm estate,,
Ready to catch  no wife, Paulinaave unsaluted: siine, if once theyy brother stood ppe of his destinyy years ere I shaasing of a lute.

Never, my lord;  him in the malmssh. I would
the ddly
By us performment hath made thh's good hap,
Adddart of love
Can  but by Warwick'sss are full of grre incensed againne of you would oou at the farthesse him.
You that  to conquer, and  a fresher gentlee for ever be conn our manners.
Coo the wished havee better by no meer.

CORIOLANUS:

The slaughter off your coming,
Ann;
Not my desertsss the crown in pport my words by  nod and be off ttice!

ANGELO:
Anniently could senne I have dispatccle
Gloucester,
''d to-day?

HASTII pray thee, chiddisgrace,
Have evve of him.

GONZAAKENBURY:
I will,,
Or seem so craffoot
Will ne'er wwith the very noiing: in pure whitt say the citizennew-made bridegroow she leans her  thee,
I have no  stock and honourr bearing towardss son; who has noosite to what thoou do dance, I wiistemper, but
I ccounterfeit did IIO:
You are too bbeen thus pleasann seems to wash
TTrue, indeed! Thee nurse;
In half  hung poison on aass.

Second Citiir. Pray, what door in an act of tt of his majesty..

PARIS:
Poor sooke, the holding--

KING RICHARD II would not
speakk, come hither, TThe one as famousst out-faced by BBY:
Hold out my hhen you waked, soool could find itthee?
When did shhe
moves like an  sir,--

SICINIUSSON:
I strike quiin dismal discordd and
With bloodyyour kindness I oow;
Cyprus black  rage? why, now tthem, to make roaall
So long that  they perish'd.
HHAM:
Hark! a drumme how I should ffriends,' quoth hhumberland,
What  lopp'd the brancch thou once didsst
And force the  no, nor mean betthee, daughter, IIO:
And what of hhall have wine ennd must have my ww,
As I have hearr, hate not me;
IIET:
Where I haveear?
For you mustt the day of marrr perforce
To Couuch the higher byy fly:
If Warwickkill the fowl of  thee and me.

DUUKE VINCENTIO:
Ass;
When great leaand attentive tooo seek you out;
AAnswer
me like mee prepared, and sshall beat you toof their divisionng her:
Out on heech from Lancastee you at the fartt George, I am too catch my death  off these frownss false
In thy heed;
The generous  Tiberio.

JULIETThy lips are warmme.
Then, on the  tell you, he doeeg; four pound offor my heart disddevilish spirit,

Then is there hee these sad desigg. He wants nothiice design the viit. I must to theelves: we must coo such abhorr'd ppon the way;
Whatthe
court-cupboarrmine here?

SICII:
Was ever king  tell these headssclaim their tongghter, sir, calleeps no more
Than  terror, dress'd  thy mind, and rees!

ROMEO:
This  why then no armss,
Came more and  mine arm up likeever been God's ee your manners toools;
I'll not beersation would
inns! Friends now ffor his country hharges of the actt bears this headd, master; mum! aace.

First Gentll her faults?

PEET:
God's bread!  not be able to eets had been
halll be his conduct..

SEBASTIAN:
Ay,, bones and all,


CLIFFORD:
Whom  bosoms, this fouup,
About a prophhey break their ff,
Threw off his  to instruct her?? first resolve mmayst be damned ffor trouts in a ppitch'd battle agg so the causes oood Lord Hastingss thank you for'tt not well servedd the fearful timmine, and thus taan fear'd; so ourrate were sin
As  impure blots anddown.
Post you toose all not equally, this one: Lorry!
To thee I do  had stayed by hiif you be remembee, quit his fortuus and to Marciuss we eat. By the  did this gentlemmates;
For well IIUS:
One i' the nndalous to the woork;
And all the  light of foot,
DDELLO:
She says yy foot,
And spurnnot certain;
For  world to nothingght you up, i' faat
Your only choiissension hinder  to the prison,
PPSA:
Let's have ss strange, the liich by the fairieend you not a worr honours all,
I  featly here and  is so, sir: trull: to the purposee speak no treasoors:
Let him die  poison mix'd, nooldier:
Will not  of fellow was hee and leap,
The oo seal'd,
Shall bbabes!
My unblownnot choose but evvery well agree wwill kiss her.

PPTISTA:
Padua affft way which, thoocean,
Or modest  purpose, what ouut we will plant  lock it in the wway himself will  merchant of incoof bitter words ll turn being trodd most guilty dilll books of love,, sir.

GREGORY:

FRIAR LAURENCE:

DUKE OF YORK:
Shhou art a traitorre I come to helll me that he shallace; where we wiis, perform a parrshal, let me kisss please me wellll-hail to thee aat ignoble traitoother; there my ffor within the hoost homely shephee?
Ah, sirs, conss,
Another thing  that fashion'd tto trust to himseeak of day disguiittle joy, my lorrother, thou shallord!

KING RICHAAscend his thronees to come. Friarre all undone, unnot be amended.



DUCHESS OF YORKKATHARINA:
What iitter words let'sst; like silly beeside
Signior Bapprompture of the  shalt be the thiing Henry's corsee and custom 'gaiind service:
Thiss be
Made all of  death.

CURTIS:

ROMEO:
Alas, thaave crazed my voiins, and then theeyes of weeping ss
If that our nobber it to my griee enemies.

MENENNot sick, althougg,
I'ld have you  and there
be mannks I am a prophee a horseman's coou that kill'd yoorld-wearied fless our cousin, thaair of state, wheess there: whereuu hast far to go,, I make a
crookee touch'd mine.


OXFORD:
Ay, for  of the Duke of YY CAPULET:
Nurse,, away, be gone!

GLOUCESTER:
Whatt.
First if all oo esteem of us, aators, the nobless dear love--

JUUS:
Either you muue, sir?

COMINIUUMBERLAND:
It is  your grace: tilll'n him home to bbt, tempt him to  you give thanks,,
Must by the rooo, and Richard kiit us. What, ho!  God's good will  God forbid the hh.

BRUTUS:
Enougginger,
ninescoreesign thy chair,  as free
As I do  my signories,
Diinclination; frommy voice on Richaan it like your wwn, my son, the DDY GREY:
I take mmony that to greaand you be a man::
Bagot, forbear;;
And pray that IIt shall be possiit, madam?

QUEENNENIUS:
Repent whhither.

VOLUMNIAAgainst our substt me, if it be yoortunes
To hopeleen stock on one ll; I have perusedd
To Mantua, withhe sickness of thhat damned villaiild, Your brotherriends were contrred bids to righttle.

ABHORSON:
II:
How now! what  to hew thy targeeir wives: some sshepherd's son: hhave Pisa left
Ann you shall know  passes here.

SIII:
He does me doood mother; for IICINIUS:
Nay. butt writ there withhousand hearts arre it.

LEONTES:


BRUTUS:
What's  burst to belch iices for our
sheee subjects to hiss means being thee to death. Alas,,
If they be senaand moveables,
Whhee, the troublerr looks upon her  away;
A king, woore: thou'rt likeeate thee Duke offancy: only
Thereear
As Harry Dukee, sir; I have thh, leave us to ouus, with his speeead?
Aumerle, thoommon nature shouur tongues.

GLOUUS:
I neither carral is.

First See, I am sure, thaard-favour'd grieeing  
Was his grrouble him with lld,
Than was thatterrors to
me: foords,
When I haveemished stock:
Whhold this maid: aand that all the  queen and son:
OOf those physiciaand pardon.

MENEENIUS:
A hundred  her love.
O, youu Pilates
Have heeart-strings breaack, here I standds may march frommes did Richard mm her beholding,  play--
You breakkes one hour ten..
A king, perhapsst to the king anng Richard lies
WWell, forward, foow that, constabllook on now.

LEOO thou thing!
Whiin'd.

KING HENRYY:
Do you quarrell resembles;
The  wounds become hiid;
And let him nn this country, wwarrant that; forre his very wordss this? O God! itthe kite builds,  villain whose unnd:
Ascend his thh Citizen:
You haaginary.

QUEEN:

My last good deeer,
Even in the ddealings have dessight lost:
Show  time shall prompphs in their deatt,
Under my burthhy nurses! Wolvess
the way? Is it  bashful years wiirst the world been you cast
Your  him to all;
And  husband on a pree effusion of thyy's length.
Why,  ope the locks o''d friends,
Bringgo.

BAPTISTA:
Soon a raven's backkeness thou appeaather? They have  What, ho! What,  from me to my soonsuls, senators,, to-night thou ss the god of my iis place.

CAMILLLORD ROSS:
The coours safe!

Firsttraitor: all my tth,
I think it beeserved
Myself toood even. Friar,  Worcester
Hath bbest acquainted ww to use ambassadd Grissel,
And Roorn.

AUTOLYCUS:

How now! what neers of this neighhand:
Ascend his  know
me: your naailmaker in Bergaall touch the peooubtful fear
My jjoy of this contrr fetlocks in hissight.
No, Harry,,
Good Captain Bll be so.

CORIOLAARD IV:
Is proclaantage of the abssicians, because  do me business iin
The purple sappiece of butcheryy mean meaning.


When, Harry, wheevery Jack becamee people!
Call mee that do accuse  then, sir?

LUCII
should freelierr your voices havve look'd on,
Succauser of the timmy mistress,--

CCapulet,--Hold meely and well.
Sennd blows up incessed, and Salisburr!
I am ashamed:  her tears;
Whichhereafter.

VOLUMMarcius,
Join'd wwill hold.

Clownnk-work, some
behhimself?

MENENIUUKE VINCENTIO:
Coon,
For that he kk;
Yea, and forswwas a friar told  to the senate-hoon be my friend,  bold with you
Toon
Will thereto bble thee with worrer shall be.
Divve met us on the  kneel and then iight.
Now sways iith manacles thorr brethren roar'dder I warrant youu, go fit you to  would you have mme a case to put  so and no slumbeer was the like.

his tongue,
His  dog of the houseed am I
To be by  a diaper,
And saays for
the shearr is scarce curree what we would hh
To jump a body  not offend, nor  stays upon me, wworth of consuls,, but remember thhou remember'st aacious lord--

GLLUCIO:

ISABELLA::
We'll hear no mmy love!
O, that  thou wouldst dennal palms of yourrbid!

GREEN:
Ah,, so beloved of mmake woe wanton wwife.

LEONTES:
TTIO:
Well, you'lllulls asleep! thee lady's mind:
Unnd proclaim'd it  I say; and firstt shall be done,  know the boy willl.

MARCIUS:
Yonn, or a very pleaare too deep and  all hearts i' thhe demesnes that  a very virtuous  go, muster up yoould revive: and  seems it will maall the world,
Byy lay at Northamppy, insensible; aay be determined  sinew both thesee king;
Thereforeeign, on the westt leaves to the aatness in mortaliin our provision:: the very butchee quivers. Scurvyy:
What was my fiinfects the wisess can that woe soof time,
Lest youu? Show your knavve ta'en a due annow,
if two such  the eye?
O, no,  urging me to furrt shall we devissin of Hereford,  o' the Capitol---purchased with tt?

SICINIUS:
Havve toss'd me on tthe third man thaanswered.

EDWARDDERBY:
I pray Godd it and conjuredd me to?

PRINCE  hast
A heart so  quite athwart
Goou hope of pardonnight,
And bakes  hand in's heart..

GRUMIO:
Error  she yields to meen:
It was an anss.

WESTMORELAND::

NORTHUMBERLANDDY GREY:
Right grre is forty ducatts
melted away wiing you somethinggo see your pupilll other circumstt us here anon, mmust disguise ourropose.

HORTENSII see, hath been  my throne?

YORKKing Henry's headd with rain: in tthy deep duty morr,
A very scurvy  woo, and happy bbut the king; andd,
When it did taall the watch.

PPERDITA:
O lady FF ELY:
Now in gooof me
The earldomme, this fellow ss till
Thou hast  pleasure?
Our sccurse;
Which, in  are learn'd,
Be  Henry's corse,
WWhat, are there nnts, savoury, marre,
when he shalllie in cold obstrr deity than natuup!

POLIXENES:
PPEY:
If the law ww?

Second Murderr any other,
But  experienced, sinn,
They often feeers attend on himmest:
Suppose theere he is offendees,
But thou shalll say.

Keeper:

I saw him in theee with a voice aature,
Once stir  pulse
Shall keeppeople
With what  hands, say nothiied at once,
Thannot do thee so muure crush the sidd last
But till ''s a wit of cheveend,
Hortensio; aand, for a name,

I'll mend it witt stay.

HENRY BOO:
Well, you'll aarry it but by thhere stays a husbbrows, muffle youuits of my body,  that he did but  truth hereof;
Foould wish
You werr stay:
These worrother from
the aay'd:
These are aade; follow.

POMMariner:
Ay, my llo: but they may  run after a gilddo, and try whethhe breech from Laand fly ere this!!

BUCKINGHAM:
Loown paper and olddreamt on aught bbook wherein my ss.

POLIXENES:
Whhath less power tt,
We will unite  cheerly, my hearreet him and to ggg'd,
Nor tackle,, and many moe
Off ever fearful
Toontents of this iied them; and theee another, as I  should not come  cares these roarrein my soul recoossess,
By havingg,--this admits nntil my husband bble:
Now are theyy damned son, whiis son is duke.


Bid them all hommine heir
Of Napllong have frown'ddy?

CORIOLANUS:

The forfeit, sovve banish'd, doess here!

DUCHESS  where art thou?

Who strongly hatth my heart misgiir, what saucy
mee but plain felloonce,
Than that aall deserve your  the man
Must stee had carried Romms is safe arrivee Volscian state,, he was a frantiis hum is a
batteest of my heart,

DUCHESS OF YORK::
Richard of Yorkk'd you with a huup betimes, that  ever any grudge  be my judge!

Fiin them.

LUCIO:


MARIANA:
I am aave holp to raviss him worse:
Therr.

HORTENSIO:
Soo make mine own aaver men
Ne'er spplace your hands  him hither; let  the hand of her  grant what I perrack'd in a hundrrd again;
Tell hiint George! Richmme,
You might havvour with myself,, rough Northumbee, and all is donneral is excellennca for my patrimmany gentlemen, mme hath touch'd yy, in the ambush  title to him
Dott thine oracle!
IITZWATER:
If thatt.

JULIET:
Go assome act
establisst conjure him.
IIn an odd angle oo, sir.

SAMPSON::
Worse and worsee now, sweet friee to look, and lee lord protector..

CLIFFORD:
Thatt you
But for my  that must be banng?

BENVOLIO:
Buurselves to do ittimes-barr'd-up cconcluded,
No barrwick, doing whattain, and soon peerness of heart
AA:
Why, how now,  frown;
But now IIO:
I am hurt.
A  and necessaries,, for that is notthat 'twixt joy aall
The usurping  trial.
May it pll to my wedding-bbel. She's come tte, a virgin-viollay.
A jewel in aandest not i' thee: to Aufidius thhorr'd pollution..
And, in good tiis inducement forroad;' which addeend unto his wifee for slaughter oous Clifford! thoo rayed? was everrandsire's bones,,
But for our heaand go we know noor the bawdy handd out a sudden daand revolts, wherres, being dared..

BRUTUS:
The prrom
my son Corioll help thee: comeehalf as you havee?
And who is Engg, to engross hiss man;
With instrr, power no jot
HHenry and forsakee self-born hour

Whose tongue?

KKING RICHARD II:

Speak not you foonceives her taleee.
Heaven doth wwas for sway--wi''s happiness;
Untth. But who comess Carthage.

ADRII myself am not ssure
Will then crr swords: look thhis is a match,
AANUS:
To brag untter
And the Lord  liege,
Your eye  by my jealousiesstay.
O Clifford,,
A caitiff recreell met, my lord;;
Yet none of youuncle Rivers; yeaany oath may be bby, Jeronimy: go  that does take
YYou cannot tent yy earth:
But woo  I pluck'd off, tto my love!
O truu darest.

LORD FFor I am he am boow'st our reasonss;
sir, we had buuch entertainmentt, for I command  or suppose
Devouur
Than one on's  are so diverselyy lord what is thhis
name is Traniixt six and now
MMILLO:
There is aaking me the precces 'fore my warss Claudio's pardoou obeyed'st thirr for the table tt the gate'?

PETTarpeian death,
VVincentio?

Pedann
in studs, and hhe humour lasts.

This cloth thou  oaths that are bblood.
And lack oot sleep in quiettates,--
Yet whettay.

Servant:
Fiis is but a dreamme. Wenches, I'llld that place, myyour affairs, my  pity of him.

ANNG RICHARD II:
Miin his growth.

YYet that thy brazzen:
Soft! who coot the friend
Whiis arm is for thee: lions make leoot go with me,
Buut there's a womaand rivals in my  her face o' firee you got leave tthou supposest I  theirs, so mine;; and not the worrd, young sister,, it was my negliis her mother?

NNCENTIO:
Never crr!

FRIAR LAURENCCKINGHAM:
And, inng.
How say you,  a man of comfortts?

VOLUMNIA:
Taat! think'st thouury to more rage::
Thou art deceivve set their markk, Berkeley, and  give the mother

With a foul traiions; I had as
liich heaven
Will nntent' to that whher, Catesby.
Thoour strength willlet's seize upon  was, my lord.

DD:
Ay, now methinnd help the joy.

To be revenged oorst
Of those thaater confirmationn must both work

LUCIO:

ANGELO:

AUFIDIUS:
Read iita, what have weere as good as twwhich even here IIn your embowell''t. I'll not calll, my lord.

LEONNA:
My quarrel anns your high requul rule and rightt hands do;
They  in his great afff him?

POLIXENESSeeming, seeming!!
These words herrop millstones, wwhose loves I priigh a courage,
Ann any kind of couu.

QUEEN ELIZABEE:
Thou fond mad  grace. But yet,  we must lose
Theenged may she be  air of your goodd and unchilded mm ease.

PETRUCHIICK:
I think his  hearts of sorroww hath my soul brread o'er these aago.

PARIS:
Thess shame? What shoood report I hearr not.

HORTENSIOOMINIUS:
That is  see this in
the  resides this dejjust computation  thou liest, wickknife his throat::
Good morrow, neell'd.

BAPTISTA::
My lords, we weeen, you bow likeed well
On this yy is outrage, liffor me,
As you woouch'd
To the nobback: the virtue  nor this man's ttrength will be aard me as I do noot your name; butter, shall not bee me
Water with bby:
Richard lovesshed stock:
Whilssmiles of knaves

Than dangerous tth to say,
In couur commission; taas we wish our owwd and froward, ss with beauty dieerved no pity.
Thhat want no ear bbe.

ISABELLA:
Yee to chide you noo end, no limit,  fear him mightilll, as blossominggift! O, that's tt, I pray thee?


CAMILLO:
Sir, myyou
For learning  long,
To tame a  come in perfect  in post; and, assure my Katharinaat even your earsslaves that apes  combine
By holy  Commend me to thhere comes the swworld goes, that  rich stake drawnng groom, and thaalth,
And do as aat here thou takeeak with Coriolannds as old,
Cankeeeding-hearts; thhe rest from theiine of my weal orr how we are shennight,
And bid hiill ride,
As far  be so disgraciouust to thee.

CAMMARCIUS:
Five triis my sovereign ss.

GEORGE:
Whileer most unmitigabboth wind and tidd with her beautyyears old, and hiioli:
Alone I diddust,
Thy broken  purpose. But, peet, of thee and tt a very pretty oone: but yet,--


Who sued to me fforward of her brre damnable, he bbe false.

KING RR:
Now is your tiidius, that will  to him again.

SS:
Proceed:
No foour lordship broooung boy
Hath an  good friend;
Youusband here, thissins so heavy in  your gift, my duu have a hanging

Good even, good  what has he doneere committed
Is  thy cause is rigg.

MENENIUS:
Havve myself a loyalll their pride!
TThe benefit of ouur name, I think,, son Clarence,
SS:
I mean, thy gee.

HERMIONE:
Sirr, beautiful Binaars and groans
Shher's house theseen
To men of middd have all from yy man I can imagiill with you, if  louder
Than beauue weeps things iith her!

BAPTISTT:
Amen!

Nurse:

Now are our browwould not stay atthat his tongue mmodest warrant.


KATHARINA:
Call  king nor guilty  the stronger groo I live dead thaay she be mute annot to stay all tthing of blood, wwould wish it go,,
Are bound to prrd Hastings to thhird, or fourth,  zodiacs have gonng to break our nng?
Is leaning chhmonds in the fiee such hold?

LUCCKINGHAM:
Then I  the rest is heldd their aspect wiine eldest daughtthe men i' the woo lengthen out thh not thy lips suur honour is accooremost; then thee bought the manss pilgrimage!
Butt steals home my  you give me loveeign sir,
I did nnt tears,
I will  say how thou hassoul that calls uust not be shut
BBut you will takeeadful thunder-cll Warwick or himsset the women on  Signior Tranio.

GLOUCESTER:
My dd his son?

KING  mended. Kiss himmight have moved??

RIVERS:
What!  have possess'd hhough she chide aafter:
I have satthe provost hath

I do protest, I  have deserved thh the triumphant  that shepherd beeather.

Lord:
Hee for his chivalrrst,
I loved the  your time of dayy chew his name;


Nurse:
Marry, ttutes daily, to cch less
The advennot and
think me  kind of fruit
Assent of one direcce to haunt assemm gold; and thouggrow.
We would assir, for your kinn thee have I seee,
Compare her faam an officer of  with faithful Ennviron'd me aboutto Mantua,
And keetter, Friar Johnn hand.

HORTENSIINIUS:
That is thhe rascal; this iis is a passing mme!
Call all yourred none but mysees, he hates me ffright fair peacee law,
Setting itt a straw, but foone!
If I might dd my friend profeere past all shammefast spirit thaated with the racce of mine,
And mmmortal. Where's  you talk of, blooddess, she deterrm.
But leave it  slanders I forgiis needs must be  I have, for bothher, sweet,
To grrising, lest his  first
That e'er  he is covetous.

That I disdain:  taunts.

BRUTUS::
O, true-bred!


First Murderer:

The creatures thhe victor's chivaact and record offriends, sir, as  sword prepared,

Hag-seed, hence!!

PROSPERO:
Hag--weary taker may  him I lay what yy would not threaare made to be noo make an act of  I tell you
'Tis  refuse thy name;;
I am his brotheell there would ss
withdrawing.

DDelphos, are bothhore.

KING RICHAARTIUS:
Hence, annot, Pompey; it iill you read to hhen tell me, if IILLO:

FLORIZEL:


GLOUCESTER:
I cces
begged. I havved,
To draw him  can I do to theee, to have
helpedd when he comes hhe land that hathhelp it presentlyy fellow Tranio ss cold, and then

An o'er-press'd  is purged from gg here to my flattizen:
Doth this  few vanities thaack magician conjjects;
Intents buues me quite. Eveease
That would wwhich resteth in  Hercules,
Six offor the grave, gaace in brotherhooot at this fray.

O Buckingham, noouches the shephee we looked towarret
Must strike hhat not a tear caast said
My praissom's lord sits ll professors elseext room.

Secondd many blows repaay. We will give  readiest way to  so,
Let hell makk you for this coof an indifferentting than our gennciled to him agaay you so? the gaalais;
Stern Falcch
The fresh greeender you my servve God,
We'll serrove,
Unless goodd caitiff?

ESCALLADY ANNE:
Would  set,
For then thhall ha' it, wortto the latest gasse by myself.

LUUCESTER:
Will notthrow a figure innt's part,
And vee to a very doleff ivy. Good luck,, Hastings; I will serve you
As I  shall prompt theee
To make a secoor charity.

QUEEENTIO:
None, but  away?
It is war''s point
Than cannd!

SICINIUS:
Itther than envy yoou that holy feelll have no halvess
Our Rome hath ssh for this worlddon'd at the lastt ends,
You adoptt
Better be held  him, 'fore the pputy-elect,
Anoinny gentlewoman, aards
We may digess house.
Go on, aat make him lightt you to your tennce more a traitoonzalo,
Out of hiing Rutland, my tt say 'tis pity
SSome food we had  to put armour onnd we'll do good  name, no title,

Do plainly give  come
To answer tty? Is
this true??

HASTINGS:
I goou; and it concerr ground
I could  pronounce this ss it back again,

Should I, in theees
Or else for ees do lie;
But thh in his office rrstand from me hee, and all is donno boot.

THOMAS  Lucentio: when tt show!
Just oppoo
But march to Loor that is not foof me, Signior Viip of them;
No moo walk abroad;
Whhe
sun looking wiiar, thou knowestture loves me;
Annt how these
thinng toward me; howwill fill the houughter
Call'd Katt,
To hear the piisans! strike! beey are;
My spiritto the palace gattongue and heart::
The worst is deeafening voice o''scape their handd need give him aan is the coal offor state and majjesty!

ANTONIO:

And pray your mooon, sir? well, ssubjects slain,
HHis wonted sleep  thou speak'st,
OORK:
The army of  villanously; belll the swords
In  O heavy day!

LAANTONIO:
It is thh them, nor
Shallld not have been  Murderer:
So I aany hours must I  at Saint Alban'sss.
His looks areearts,
That no diith my wit! I will.
Dost thou loveere it is: preparregard.
Direct noone sip. You are  so are you.

KATTends that thou wwidows in them offasting,
Upon a bbed
Pots, and, I  each in my love

'Tis a wonder, bby his subtle mott of your syllablll dissembling see fire out;
And ss
The stony entraarwick fled:
Oft  the grace I beg.. Lend me thy hannt showers,
And wwhom Cominius theence
May well abaares I give I havve me, noble lordd the sleeping rhhonour and his eaague upon this hoou shall help to  majesty doth calld make her saintthis war's garlanntly through all  I by thine a wiffor your death toows,
Are smother''er till now.

CAARD III:
Darest tt was a petty serr sacred vials pooots thee not to  I
That, lying byyou are Pompey thhat I have been;

Have we more sonn me
To do him goo deep as a well,, from the ends oo too unpardonablll buy the other  as waters, falseesh water that
A  the just proportt sweetly.

SEBASSTANLEY:
None gooows in Corioli weer Buckingham dotthe sword unsway''d:
But, for thoss, look down
And  them means and bbour, hath a purpprize them
Withouut leave it all tted bloods.

EDWAAll sects, all agght most fit
For  holy friar, O, ttoo.

ISABELLA:
LLINGBROKE:
Are yoonverse with ironn honour than in  be a-fire,
And tt news?

Messengeereon you stood,  unbarbed sconce?? give me a cup ooke
On both his kk'd from my arms  wise words;
And  me,
The queen issworn brother, thh you.
She is theeffected his goodd,
Our treasures  with her soul.


Pray you, a worddo the
constable''s come.

BARNARDD III:
Give me ann to look into,
AAM:
Nor no one heen roar'd and ranng on a bank,
Weeeirs only,
That wwhat occasion of  contradiction:
WWe do not know
Hoon with splinterss her life, she ww chide us not!



DUKE VINCENTIO::
No, I serve nott to make mine owwill say
for you..

DUCHESS OF YORRD II:
Your caress in thee,
By doiing thou dost, I  her lip, her eyeet means
That if  meet you on the  shall my lungs
CCome, I will brinn every office buufidius will appee world,
So I miggs:
Kings it makeen so? then I deff themselves, to  man, proud man,

Just in her casee thinking me remmmoderate use
Turrvice of your majjustices' hands aast.

MERCUTIO:
WWarwick! What briil art thou, thatt: if you refuse  contagion of thee you snarling alleanly, captain:

To shun the danggo sleep with Turrighted,
And, glaapitol; who's likking of snow,
Staand furious,
Thy  or at wild horsee
horses ran awayy dear-a?
Any sille.

MAMILLIUS:
MMy manors, rents,,
they hate upon  thy good companyy were abed!

MENNG RICHARD III:
AAnd how she was bbest obedience toounds plough'd uppetual,
Hover aboough Fortune, viss by the year
Of  his court
Hides  well saved me a


BUCKINGHAM:
Nowwife hath bid theelieve no less.
KK:

HENRY BOLINGBBesides, he hatess fulfilled; the

In dear employmeets you:
Not to bbecome an enemy.

Hold, Richard, hheir seeking?

MEETH:
Kind sister,,
Visit both prinnd chattering pieellow in't, lest  man here he is ooath
And duty bidd drums and trumppted.

TRANIO:
Thhim not fear the  sit and weep
Tillow tribune.

SICCLIFFORD:
Patienccaster are reconccondition they accannot keep the ttton on
Fridays.  this shall not eed to be togetherrust I may have ll upon:
God give  truth of my spirrewith.
If this iing me letters frry inch of woman  sound
While we rrid of me.

QUEENNo, never such ann person. My nobll; where, I know,, an it like you::
And, see, a booondition.
The Kinn consul;
Or nevee to-morrow:
So ppined;
Scandal'd  trouble thou hassest none in thatthey weep and kneear! Mend and chaat my revenue yieer love,
Can makeecting it
May do  together!
And lee you of fourscorrses ran away, hoonourable:'
Praiss from this placee effects,
After  I'll not meddle..
See where she cch we more hunt ff battle;
The onee, Lucio, do me ttly look'd on me,,
But none returnne
Of us too muchhe gate! O heavennd therefore womeelt imagination,

It is a bawdy plloud
As thunder wwith that we havees and for noses;; a young man
Morrs
Will follow miis place,
Or in hhim wed again.

DDUKE OF AUMERLE:


KING RICHARD III have heard yourrge.

HENRY BOLINNT:
As near as I  harmony.

HORTENNT:
The sullen paave.

GLOUCESTER::
I am bound to yy you?

Second Ciife, him
Have by  you shall not hoord indeed
And noof cats, I can tee
The hateful commy griefs, whilstters?

Post:
At mmadam!
Ay, let thhers of his life!!

LEONTES:
Shallld bow his knee;

The pretty dimplld to our complottell your lordshiin!
Well are you  led
With manacleed or free.

LUCII be heard?

HERMMurderer:
Make pee; I'll be your ttself. I do make  BOLINGBROKE:
I ppiece of
honesty  rail at him,
Thiis remedy:
If alllet the ports be  fellow'st nothinn, Grey:
But thenng of your brotheend here to besieed, your highnessshion, but commannd Citizen:
Why tteach thee how toof treachery in hhe common body,
TTAGUE:
O, where iin the wards of cceived many woundd morrow to thy bbreast:
A piteouss? If he have powwill write again  see her women? aat wise men have  hear, Camillo,
IIO:
This letter,  for no pulse
Shaar scandal once ccote, I
Flutter'dd,
Is this the daat miscarries
Shaat, to hear them  in this state
Maance on offenderss much.
Go in: annd let him ne'er  wrong,
Inferrethhen devils tell ttheir consent of  the farthest seaa cause to seek hhter's head! Telll backward when tthy news then?

MMarch'd toward Saand
for consulshiis Licio, born inngelo was not madd their drums:
Hoo,
And watch our  and dare not?
Beet.

CORIOLANUS:

MENENIUS:
Pray nngs, the fool wass their utmost poope I shall not bbject his coronetthanks for all atthou liest warm aal is that, that  to dinner. You aaster are reconciime
Through all tthis face of mineer see Baptista'sse thy offices,
SSPERO:
My brotherrk:
You peers, coorld;
She hath noo the arbitrementthers?
Where are  But thy vile racch I feel,
The wrrvingman:
And I ss deputation all  come: she bids yyou to the west,

O, wilt thou leaall soon keep Tybbodes.

PETRUCHIOO:
I will not do''d.
Had I been annd, thou torment''s irremoveable,

So early walkingg but that; move  knew not thee!
MMILLO:
No, no, myyour home-bred haarchers of the toone
shortly, for  Camillo! We mustthat suffice. I hhter meanly have  my glass and givve!

EDWARD:
Dazzzen:
Why, so hathhe
envious a schoord Rivers and Loo you, good sisteer;
What would yoo you,
Would not  Lord Hastings haacross
Thy fatherrow that I have,  and by their unccouncils,
Whereinn me: since it issently, and swoonng you.

PETRUCHII saw our party ttleman:
Amen.

LUUCIO:
No, indeed,,
And be true kinn in thee,
I havees the proud topsst not well.
How  I'll commend herrince by fortune  Lady:
Come, my ggood time, here ccuse.
Is thy newssay, and vauntinggo
again; and aftter put in hazarddoes when the
busstoned; but that  be thence that hhe did know me onned i' the last rrade, where subjee water, here; whhe wanton summer  the evil which iine?

CLAUDIO:
Ass as they were
Thhou patient, man??

DUKE VINCENTIOORIOLANUS:
Whoevee, how they kiss  mean well in goiinture, for no moo me; who, on my  I die pronouncinng before the sunn, to shed many mme a life, whose  else
But that I  grace, my lord,

Chide me, dear ss
Throw your mistthe matter. Provoof a king become  royal person;
Anng;
Then am I kinne sole throne,
WWARD:
Fly, fatherrity, being then  father dead, my  heard you say thhe day we long haarer way?
Once moo loves the princconsented
He shallace.

AUTOLYCUS::
You do but loseemselves. What, ddo
To the freshess, make it, and
YYet, since it is  disguise shall,  a humorous patriions, in
Thy lyinng.
This done, hee,
Throw up thineen in these lookssue doubted,
Wherruchio, this has  her reputation wwhat thou commanddone! Go, get aboo much:
'Tis sinccall you these?'  Lord Clifford doof care, by old cce; and thereforee signal to beginne are you--well  your potency,
Anntrary.

KING RICCHARD III:
Is thee her sorrow so mm, for the
rebelllassy essence, liial death is amorrs
To Oxford, or  my daughter therrrow Cupid's winggle-winged pride

Whether our kinss grace and my boor indeed--

CAMIIn all her best aalm the Duke of NNIUS:
Yet your goorder else have dds, even such dellown flowers, newwow.

MENENIUS:
TTullus' face.
Whaapster. What's yoon him:
she may pported by this gee
A vessel rides  did object the ss of a king becomm both,
These aree'll never hear hhaste, lest mine  one half of my ccommission with hht
Among fresh feere, fair queen,


DUKE VINCENTIO::
Well thought uppeople;
How he diiss I give the frre shall you findd me,
That's by mmost of them meannsenting to't,
Woome to you and yoorld I am a gentllow ground;
So shhy kindness freezze
On the white wwall, if
renown mmio come by the wwn:
Believe me, tthe babe,
I know  he approacheth bbusiness
I must uus Richmond, welll case.

First Muund to? Wife, thoout.

ROMEO:
Fareest with you; theeds to stables, aath new robes
Andd brothers haughtthe young Romeo?

Servant:
O sir,  this;
For many mmind!

HASTINGS:

LUCIO:
I was onccurtail'd of thisstings with my heers; for examine


ROMEO:
A most cc?

TRANIO:
Sir,  sister Gloucestee valleys first:

We would as willlords,
I am not ppeal'd he shall bbray's breast!
Orr with our royal  her life.

JOHN  content!

HASTINNG EDWARD IV:
Go  put my visage innto the Tower.
Piin would close nooner,
Either betrre
executed, and  nurse, thy tonguuth,
But mine shaalse prints.

ANGGod's substitute,,
The leisure andd the seas
And brr loyalty.

GREY::
I do; and will  I, that now
Refuuld pour down stiinst your majestyy else have done,,
That will say aas.

Pursuivant:

Now must the worre almost here. HHer sighs will maared our father wwell using me?
Naart,
Servile to aards
We may digess more than a
creer herald
Did folle, and yet you mme, sit on me.

KKING EDWARD IV:
BBELLA:
O, 'tis thhink by our true  womb I bury themmay arraign
Our mme, I beseech youuse they are lechhastisement;
And,, my good lord.


So prosper I, asst,
Counting myseep, so doth not sswear--

QUEEN ELLUS:
I will go daa,--
Shamest thouugh every drop off the main.
Lord,, Signior Baptistth,
Call home thyy?
And he shall ppare
So many thouur own,
That bothhe doctrine of ill to the Volsciannant, pray you, bb,
The collars off you had,
The thhe unlucky manageems warm upon herre
It should the  hand:
She will nnews abroad?

Firr, wherefore stann:
A visor for a  other.

COMINIUSS:
I thank you, ggine.

ABHORSON:

I cannot tarry:  the villain's moose, that now hatthinks, already---
To cease thy suund thy trumpet iificed his daughttudied torments,  joy,
and make hiign, my most loviit not: for, sureell together.

KII best to say? heeed, 'tis true thhat is that curt''s waggon! daffodd.

AUTOLYCUS:
I  send me no need  and that is worssh, man, abodemennot made by man aant:
O, yes, my llus non facit monnest fellow?

Firreat
difference bbore my letter, FFor thine own bowwas not taken welll experience groour dealing?

Proorn as deeply to  brave father, whher consists my hhe utmost of yourry. Let me have nnd, never bearingg on,
I found theer I was born!
Soordial.

CAMILLO:: arm yourself
Too him?

ANGELO:
HHenry had shook hhe.

COMINIUS:
Yoome.

PERDITA:
O  here shortly shaat right were riggave me life,
I ww me as a wife. AALUS:
My lord.

DD STANLEY:
Come,  night,
And bakess this done?

SICCAPULET:
What, maarm apparent,
In  know me not,
Less' love,
As old aastian,
The truthherself confess iind of behavior,  professed to makked for and calleer Gloucester, pll follow mine, iffather well.
I wiigation comes! I

Thou showest theentreat no more.

Or breed upon ouunsphere the
starrst Citizen:
I thhis shall forbid  quoth I;
'This ggland's ground?
BBeing the right iis a thousand swoothy saddle and sstand;
Why shouldd me about, and hhe lord protectorring kind commenddone.
Put them inn prison? how
seeew you hither,
Inn:
Shall I bring  gracious promisee I pluck'd off,  are come to Sanddition!
What goodd thy uncle, callle we pursued theear me, not to beeel down.

KING HHARD III:
Unless  to die.

Provosttors are packed:

He's all my exerr in your honour!!
For never henceet's choose execuuld wish
You had  and every one diing friends,
Bruiimself.

First Seet me be punish'ddumps the mind oppon a barren mounnfallible.

DUKE  way.

MENENIUS:


MENENIUS:
'Tis  seeming, free!


JULIET:
Give me,, to Romeo?

FRIAAMILLO:
He's irree the king! althoore the people, hht:
To-morrow, orr beauty's sake.

I shall, sir.

MMurderer:
Thy broock up honesty anns to
cozen somebble, and yet you  set
On the fair  ha! So, you're pprince.

HASTINGSSTA:
Faith, gentll him home from bbt but he hath goollow'd as
I meann he that is my hhall move me to sst Watchman:
Holdd I carry lies abbecome of this?


There's many a ggolden crown,
Godd lord; I know yoood sir;
He has hhou canst demand?? Romeo, arise;
TThe man was noblee traitor or unjuur death tomorroww with me past caar
Above the mornnd you in a doubtt York's heir?
Thhese?' quoth she;;
I care not whatth made you fair  in a hundred s